<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>The Freemason's Monitor</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head><body>
<div class="titlepage">
<h1>The Freemason's Monitor</h1>
<h2>Or Illustrations of Masonry</h2>
<p class="noindent">Thomas Smith Webb</p>
<p class="noindent">Edited by John Sherer</p>
<p class="noindent">Cincinnati: R. W. Carroll &amp; Co., Publishers, 1867</p>
</div>
<hr/>
<p class="smallnote noindent">Text-only EPUB rebuilt from the uploaded scanned PDF. Decorative pages and most image-only material were omitted for readability. Some OCR artifacts may remain because the source scan itself is imperfect.</p>
<h2>The Author&#x27;S Preface.</h2>
<p>The following work, although chiefly intended for the use of the ancient and honorable society of Free and Accepted Masons, is also calculated to explain the nature and design of the Masonic Institution to those who may be desirous of becoming acquainted with its principles, whether for the purpose of initiation into the society, or merely for the gratification of their curiosity. The observations upon the three first degrees are, many of them, taken from &quot;Preston&#x27;s Illustrations of Masonry,&quot; with some necessary alterations. Mr. Preston&#x27;s distribution of the first lecture into six, the second into four, and the third into twelve sections, not being agreeable to the mode of working in America, they are differently arranged in this work. It is presumed that all regular lodges and Royal Arch Chapters will find this a useful assistant and Monitor, inasmuch as it contains most of the charges, prayers, and Scripture passages made use of at our meetings, and which are not otherwise to be found without recourse to several volumes. This often occasions much delay</p>
<p>in the recitals, produces many irregularities in their distribution, and sometimes causes important omissions. The whole are here digested and arranged in such order, through the several degrees, from the Entered Apprentice to the Royal Arch Mason, that they may be easily understood; and, by a due attention to their several divisions, the mode of working, as well in arrangement as matter, will become universally the same. This desirable object will add much to the satisfaction and happiness of all good Masons, and redound to the honor of the whole Fraternity.</p>
<h2>Publisher&#x27;S Preface.</h2>
<p>In preparing an edition of &quot; Webb&#x27;s Freemason&#x27;s Monitor&quot; - the first Masonic text-book ever published in any country in the English language - some improvements have been introduced which will be appreciated by the Fraternity at the present day. As early as 1841, and immediately after my initiation at Massillon, Ohio, I conceived the idea of publishing a &quot;Monitor,&quot; in which should appear representations of the emblems in juxtaposition with the text of the monitorial instructions. This great improvement, though now common to all Masonic text-books, had not then occurred to any one - the conception being strictly my own. It was eagerly caught at, however, by some parties to whom I communicated it, and introduced in the publication of every Masonic handbook which has been issued from the press for the past twenty years. This improvement, together with notes explanatory of the text of the 1816 edition of Webb&#x27;s</p>
<p>Monitor, I have introduced in the present edition. Otherwise, it is a perfect copy of the language of that edition, acknowledged by Webb himself to be the most complete of any edition of his work.</p>
<p class='noindent'>John Sheebk.</p>
<p>Cincinnati, O., 1866.</p>
</body></html>