<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>CHAPTER VII. - REMARKS ON THE FIRST LECTURE.</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head><body>
<h1>CHAPTER VII. - REMARKS ON THE FIRST LECTURE.</h1>
<p class='noindent'>We shall now enter on a disquisition of the different sections of the lectures appropriated to the several degrees of Masonry, giving a brief summary of the whole, and annexing to every remark the particulars to which the section alludes. By these means the industrious Mason will be instructed in the regular arrangement of the sections in each lecture, and be enabled with more ease to acquire a knowledge of the art. The first lecture on Masonry is divided into three sections, and each section into different clauses. Virtue is painted in the most beautiful colors, and the duties of morality are enforced. In it we are taught such useful lessons as prepare the mind for a regular advancement in the principles of knowledge and philosophy. These are imprinted on the memory by lively and sensible images, to influence our conduct in the proper discharge of the duties of social life. 2 The whole of these lectures, as taught by Webb, are yet extant, and would most appropriately accompany this volume by the mouth of Grand Lecturers and other Masonic instructors. These images relate to the chaste and beautiful drama of Masonry, wherein emblem, symbol, and ceremonial, are elegantly combined with the purest doctrine and the most venerable tradition, to impress the candidate&#x27;s mind with the grace and sublimity of the Rite. In Webb&#x27;s day, the emblems, instead of being presented in the Monitor as now, were painted upon canvas, and formed a part of the hangings of the Lodge. Oftener they were merely drawn with chalk, charcoal, and clay, upon the floor, for temporary use. The same designs were used then as now but the splendid Carpets of Mr. Sherer have taken the place of all other appliances for Masonic lecturing.</p>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<h2>THE FIRST SECTION.</h2>
<p class=''>The first section in this lecture is suited to all capacities, and may and ought to be known by every person who ranks as a Mason. It consists of general heads, which, though short and simple, carry weight with them. They not only serve as marks of distinction, but communicate useful and interesting knowledge, when they are duly investigated. They qualify us to try and examine the rights of others to our privileges, while they prove ourselves ; and, as they induce us to inquire more minutely into other particulars of greater importance, they serve as an introduction to subjects more amply explained in the following sections. 1</p>
<h2>A PRAYER AT THE INITIATION OF A CANDIDATE.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Vouchsafe thine aid, Almighty Father of the Universe, to this, our present convention; and grant that this candidate for Masonry may dedicate and devote his life to thy service, and become a true and faithful Brother among us! Endue him with a competency of thy divine wisdom, that, by the secrets of our art, he may be better enabled to display the beauties of Brotherly Love, Relief and Truth, to the honor of thy holy name.&quot; Amen I So mote it be I 2 The examination of a visiting Brother is made particularly minute and thorough upon this degree. All the prayers introduced into this work may be considered as models or forms to be enlarged upon or abbreviated, or others substituted in their places, at the Master&#x27;s will and pleasure.</p>
<h2>FIRST SECTION.</h2>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<h2>SCRIPTURAL SELECTIONS.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot;Behold! how good and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity I &quot; It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron&#x27;s beard, that went down to the skirts of his garments : &quot;As the dew of Hermon, and as the dew that descended upon the mountain of Zion for there the Lord commanded the blessing, even life for evermore.&quot; Psalm cxxxiii.</p>
<h2>PARAPHRASE OF THE ABOYE FOR MUSIC.</h2>
<p class=''>Behold how pleasant and how good For Brothers such as we, Of the United Brotherhood, To dwell in unity. &#x27;Tis like the oil on Aaron&#x27;s head, Which to his feet distills; Like Hermon&#x27; s dew, so richly shed On Zion&#x27;s sacred hills. For there the Lord of light and love A blessing sent with power: Oh, may we all this blessing prove Even life for evermore ! On friendship&#x27;s altar rising here, Our hands now plighted be, To live in love with hearts sincere, In peace and unity. It is a duty incumbent on every Master of a Lodge, before the ceremony of initiation takes place, to inform the candidate of the purpose and design of the institution to explain the ; nature of his solemn engagements, and, in a manner peculiar to Masons alone, to require his cheerful acquiescence to the duties of morality and virtue, and all the sacred tenets of the Order.</p>
<p class=''>Toward the close of the section is explained that peculiar ensign of Masonry, the lamb-sJrin, or white leather apron, which is an emblem of innocence, and the badge of a Mason more ancient than the Golden Fleece or Roman Eagle ; more honorable than the Star and Garter, or any other order that could be conferred upon the candidate at the time of his initiation, or at any time thereafter, by king, prince, potentate, or any other person, except he be a Mason ; and which every one ought to wear, with equal pleasure to himself and honor to the Fraternity. 1 i The Masonic apron of the symbolic degrees should be cut with right angles throughout.</p>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<p class=''>This section closes with an explanation of the worlcing tools and implements of an Entered apprentice, which are, the Twenty-four inch Gauge and the Common Gavel 1 The Twenty-four inch Gauge is an instrument made use of by operative Masons, to measure and lay out their work ; but we, as free and accepted Masons, are taught to make use of it for the more noble and glorious purpose of dividing our time. It being divided into twenty-four equal parts, is emblematical of the twenty-four hours of the day, which we are taught to divide into three equal parts, whereby we find eight hours for the service of God and a distressed worthy Brother, eight hours for our usual avocations, and eight for refreshment and sleep. The Common Gavel is an instrument made use of by operative masons, to break off the corners of rough stones, the better to fit them for the builder&#x27;s usej but we, as free and accepted Masons, are taught to make use of it for the more noble and glorious purpose of divesting our minds and consciences of all the vices and superfluities of life, thereThese should be a part of the furniture or equipments of the Lodge, The correct form of the Gavel is given above.</p>
<p class=''>by fitting our bodies, as living stones, for that spiritual building, that house not made with hands, eternal in tht heavens.</p>
<h2>THE SECOND SECTION.</h2>
<p class=''>The second section rationally accounts for the origin of our hieroglyphical instruction, and convinces us of the advantages which will ever accompany a faithful observance of our duty; it maintains, beyond the power of contradiction, the propriety of our rites, while it demonstrates to the most skeptical and hesitating mind, their excellence and utility; it illustrates, at the same time, certain particulars, of which our ignorance might lead us into error, and which, as Masons, we are indispensably bound to know. 1 To make a daily progress in the art, is our constant duty, and expressly required by our general laws. What end can be more noble, than the pursuit of virtue? What motive more alluring than the practice of justice? or what instruction more beneficial, than an accurate elucidation of symbolical mysteries which tend to embellish and adorn the mind? Everything that strikes the eye, more immediately engages the attention, and imprints on the memory serious and solemn truths; hence, Masons, universally adopting this method of inculcating the tenets of their Order by typical figures and allegorical emblems, prevent their mysteries from descending into the familiar reach of inattentive and unprepared novices, from whom they might not receive due veneration. Our records inform us, that the usages and customs of Masons have ever corresponded with those of the Egyptian It is not enough to instruct the initiate in the forms through which he has passed; this were but child-like and trivial. The antiquity, origin, and meaning of those forms is that which alone can recommend them to the intellectual mind. In this, and not in mere expert* ness or dramatic effect, lies the forte of a skillful Master.</p>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<p class=''>philosophers, to which they bear a near affinity. Unwilling to expose their mysteries to vulgar eyes, they concealed their particular tenets, and principles of polity, under hierogiyphical figures ; and expressed their notions of government by signs and symbols, which they communicated to their Magi alone, and who were bound by oath not to reveal them. The Pythagorean system seems to have been established on a similar plan, and many orders of a more recent date. Masonry, however, is not only the most ancient, but the most moral institution that ever subsisted; every character, figure, and emblem, depicted in a Lodge, has a moral tendency, and inculcates the practice of virtue.</p>
<h2>THE BADGE OF A MASON.</h2>
<p class=''>Every candidate, at his initiation, is presented with a lambskin or white leather apron. 2 The Lamb has, in all ages, been deemed an emblem of innocence; he, therefore, who wears the lamb-skin as a badge of Masonry, is thereby continually reminded of that purity of life and conduct, which is esIt must not be supposed that all the ancient emblems and symbols of Masonry are given in this or any other Manual. Many have fallen into disuse; some are too closely allied to the essential secrets of Masonry to be published with safety; while some are too elaborate for a Hand-Book. By the Old Regulations, No. VII, &quot; Every Brother at his making, ia decently to clothe the Lodge, that is, all the Brethren present.&quot; By</p>
<p class=''>sentially necessary to his gaining admission into the Celestial Lodge above, where the Supreme Architect of the Universe presides.</p>
<h2>THE THIRD SECTION.</h2>
<p class=''>The third section explains the nature and principles of our constitution, and teaches us to discharge with propriety the duties of our respective stations. Here, too, we receive instruction relative to the form, supports, covering, furniture, ornaments, lights and jewels of a Lodge, how it should be situated, and to whom dedicated. A proper attention is also paid to our ancient and venerable patrons. From east to west, Freemasonry extends, and between the north and south, in every clime and nation, are Masons to be found. 1 this was meant the presentation of white gloves and aprons. But the usage with us has become obsolete. Modern investigations prove this assertion to 6e well founded.</p>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<p class=''>mBiiiiiiiiniiiliiiilill Our institution is said to be supported by Wisdom, Strength t and Beauty; because it is necessary that there should ba wisdom to contrive, strength to support, and beauty to adorn all great and important undertakings. Its dimensions are unlimited, and its covering no less than the canopy of heaven. To this object the Mason&#x27;s mind is continually directed, and thither he hopes at last to arrive, by the aid of the theological ladder which Jacob in his vision saw ascending from earth to heaven ; the three principal rounds of which are Every civilized land has its Lodges every nation possessing the spark of liberty and religion, its trestle-board of Masonic secrets.</p>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<p class=''>denominated Faith, Hope, and Charity ; and which admonish us to have faith in God, hope in immortality, and charity to all mankind. Every well governed Lodge is furnished with the Holy Bible, the Square, and the Compass; the Bible points out the path that leads to happiness, and is dedicated to God; the Square teaches us to regulate our conduct by the principles of morality and virtue, and is dedicated to the Master; the Compass teaches us to limit our desires in every station, and is dedicated to the Craft. The Bible is dedicated to the service of God, because it is the inestimable gift of God to man. The Square to the Master, because, being the proper Masonic emblems of his office, it is constantly to remind him of the duty he owes to the Lodge over which he is appointed to preside; and the Compass to the Craft, because by a due attention to its use, they are taught to regulate their desires, and keep their passions within due bounds. Wgsm</p>
<p class=''>&#x27;n...</p>
<p class=''>•&quot; l n!iii&#x27;&#x27;;ii !i;&#x27;iii&#x27;&#x27;:i&#x27; ,iii,.Mii.:!.in„ :i!&#x27;i» iii,:..i.i. &#x27;in 1ii&#x27;&#x27;&#x27;:;;&#x27; &quot;n.iii 1|l !Wli fo ^SSmmMim &quot;iT&#x27;l&#x27;iiim 1 &quot; 1 The ornamental parts of a Lodge, displayed in this section, are, the Mosaic pavement, the Indented tessel, and the Blazing star. The Mosaic pavement is a representation of the ground</p>
<p class=''>floor of king Solomon&#x27;s Temple; the Indented tessel, that beautiful tesselated border, or skirting, which surrounded it; and the Blazing star, in the center, is commemorative of the star which appeared, to guide the wise men of the East to the place of our Savior&#x27;s nativity. The Mosaic pavement is emblematic of human life, checkered with good and evil; the Beautiful Border which surrounds it, those blessings and comforts which surround us, and which we hope to obtain by a faithful reliance on Divine Providence, which is hieroglyphically represented by the B^.ing star in the center. The Movable and Immovable ie*vels also claim our atte?*tion in this section. By the general usage, the square, level and plumb are styled the</p>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<p class=''>Tbe Rough ashler is a stone, as taken from the quarry in its rude and natural state. The Perfect ashler is a stone made ready by the hands of the workman justed by the tools of the Fellow-craft. The Trestle-board designs upon. is to for the master be adworkman to draw hag By the Rough ashlar, we are reminded of our rude and imperfect state by nature; by the Perfect ashlar, that state of perfection at which we hope to arrive, by a virtuous education, our own endeavors, and the blessing of God; and by the Trestle-board, we are reminded, that as the operative workman erects his temporal building agreeably to the rules and designs laid down by the Master on his trestle-board, so should we, both operative and speculative, endeavor to erect our spiritual building agreeably to the rules and deE immovable jewels, and this is in accordance with Webb&#x27;s private instructions.</p>
<p class=''>signs laid down by the Supreme Architect of the Universe, in the book of life, which is our spiritual trestle-board. By a recurrence to the chapter upon the Dedication of Lodges, it will be perceived, that although our ancient brethren dedicated their Lodges to king Solomon, yet Masons professing Christianity dedicate theirs to St. John the Baptist, and St. John the Evangelist, who were eminent patrons of Masonry; and since their time there is represented in every regular and well-governed Lodge, a certain Point within a Circle; the Point representing an individual brother, the Circle representing the boundary line of his duty to God and man, beyond which he is never to suffer his passions, prejudices or interests to betray him on any occasion. This Circle is embordered by two perpendicular parallel lines, representing St. John the Baptist and St. John the Evangelist; who were perfect parallels, in Christianity as well as Masonry; and upon the vertex rests the book of Holy Scriptures, which point out the whole duty of man. In going round this circle, we necessarily touch upon these two lines, as well as upon the Holy Scriptures ; and while a Mason keeps himself thus circumscribed, it is impossible that he should materially err. This section, though the last in rank, is not the least considerable in importance. It strengthens those which precede, and enforces, in the most engaging manner, a due regard to in the Lodge as well as in the general commerce of society.</p>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<p class=''>It forcibly inculcates the most instructive lessons. Brotherly Love, Relief, and Truth, are themes on which we here expatiate.</p>
<h2>OF BROTHERLY LOVE.</h2>
<p class=''>By the exercise of brotherly love, we are taught to regard the whole human species as one family -the high and low, the rich and poor; who, as created by one Almighty Parent, and inhabitants of the same planet, are to aid, support, and protect each other. On this principle, Masonry unites men of every country, sect, and opinion, and conciliates true friendship among those who might otherwise have remained at a perpetual distance.</p>
<h2>OF RELIEF.</h2>
<p class=''>To relieve the distressed is a duty incumbent on all men ; but particularly on Masons, who are linked together by an indissoluble chain of sincere affection. To soothe the unhappy, to sympathize with their misfortunes, to compassionate their miseries, and to restore peace to their troubled minds, is the grand aim we have in view. On this basis we form our friendships, and establish our connections.</p>
<h2>OP TRUTH.</h2>
<p class=''>Truth is a divine attribute, and the foundation of every virtue. To be good and true, is the first lesson we are taught in Masonry. On this theme we contemplate, and by its dictates endeavor to regulate our conduct. Hence, while influenced by this principle, hypocrisy and deceit are unknown among us, sincerity and plain dealing distinguish us, and the heart and tongue join in promoting each other&#x27;s welfare, and rejoicing in each other&#x27;s prosperity. To this illustration succeeds an explanation of the four This order of arranging the cardinal virtues, while it is the oldest in Masonic use, is also the most convenient. They are found, however</p>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<h2>OF TEMPERANCE.</h2>
<p class=''>Temperance is that due restraint upon our affections and passions, which renders the body tame and governable, and frees the mind from the allurements of vice. This virtue should be the constant practice of every Mason, as he is thereby taught to avoid excess, or contracting any licentious or vicious habit, the indulgence of which might lead him to disclose some of those valuable secrets, which he has promised to conceal and never reveal, and which would consequently subject him to the contempt and detestation of all good Masons.</p>
<h2>OF FORTITUDE..</h2>
<p class=''>Fortitude is that noble and steady purpose of the mind, whereby we are enabled to undergo any pain, peril or danger, when prudentially deemed expedient. This virtue is equally distant from rashness and cowardice ; and, like the former, should be deeply impressed upon the mind of every Mason, as a safeguard or security against any illegal attack that may be made, by force or otherwise, to extort from him any of those secrets with which he has been so solemnly intrusted, and which was emblematically represented upon his first admission into the Lodge.</p>
<h2>OF PRUDENCE.</h2>
<p class=''>Prudence teaches us to regulate our lives and actions agreeably to the dictates of reason, and is that habit by which in the Apocryphal Books of the wisdom of Solomon, Ch. 8, v. 7, in the order of Temperance, Prudence, Justice and Fortitude.</p>
<p class=''>things we wisely judge, and prudentially determine, on all future happiness. relative to our present, as well as to our characteristic of every This virtue should be the peculiar government of his conduct while in Mason, not only for the world. It should be the Lodge, but also when abroad in the particularly attended to in all strange and mixed companies, whereby the never to let fall the least sign, token or word, obtained. secrets of Masonry might be unlawfully</p>
<h2>OF JUSTICE.</h2>
<p class=''>Justice is that standard or boundary of right which every man his just due, without enables us to render to distinction. This virtue is not only consistent with Divine human laws, but is the very cement and support of civil and the real society ; and as justice in a great measure constitutes good man, so should it be the invariable practice of every principles thereof. Mason never to deviate from the minutest with some The illustration of these virtues is accompanied general observations peculiar to Masons. sections in the Such is the arrangement of the different fervency, and zeal iThe illustration of Masonic Service, viz.: freedom, lectures. was an important part of Webb&#x27;s system of</p>
<h2>ENTERED APPRENTICE.</h2>
<p class=''>firstlecture, which, with the forms adopted at the .opening and closing of a Lodge, comprehends the whole of the first degree of Masonry. This plan has the advantage of regularity to recommend it, the support of precedent and authority, and the sanction and respect which flow from antiquity. The whole is a regular system of morality, conceived in a strain of interesting allegory, which must unfold its beauties to the candid and industrious inquirer.</p>
<h2>CHARGE AT INITIATION INTO THE FIRST. DEGREE.</h2>
<p class=''>Brother: As you are now introduced into the first principles Masonry, I congratulate you on being accepted of into this ancient and honorable Order; ancient, as having subsisted from time immemorial and honorable, as tending, in every particular, so to render all men who will be conformable to its precepts. No was ever raised on a institution better principle, or more solid foundation nor were ever more excellent rules and useful maxims laid down, than are inculcated in the several Masonic lectures. The greatest and best of men in all ages have been encouragers and promoters of the art, and have never deemed it derogatory from their dignity to level themselves with the fraternity, extend their privileges,and patronize their assemblies. There are three great duties, which, as a Mason, you are charged to inculcate to God, your neighbor, and yourself. To God, in never mentioning his name, but with that reverentialawe which is due from a creature to his Creator; to implore his aid in all your laudable undertakings, and to esteem him as the chief good to your neighbor, in acting upon the square, and doing unto him as you wish he should do unto you and to yourself, in avoiding all irregularity and intemperance, which may impair your faculties, or debase the dignity of your profession. A zealous attachment to these duties will insure public and private esteem. In the State, you are to be a quiet and peaceful subject,</p>
<p class=''>true to your government, and just to your country ; you are not to countenance disloyalty or rebellion, but patiently submit to legal authority, and conform with cheerfulness to the government of the country in which you live. In your outward demeanor be particularly careful to avoid censure or reproach. Let not interest, favor, or prejudice, bias your integrity, or influence you to be guilty of a dishonorable action. Although your frequent appearance at our regular meetings is earnestly solicited, yet it is not meant that Masonry should interfere with your necessary vocations for these are on no account to be neglected&#x27; neither are you to suffer your zeal for the institution to lead you into argument with those who, through ignorance, may ridicule it. At your leisure hours, that you may improve in Masonic knowledge, you are to converse with well-informed brethren, who will be always as ready to give, as you will be ready to receive instruction. Finally ; keep sacred and inviolable ihe mysteries of the Order, as these are to distinguish you from the rest of the community, and mark your consequence among Masons. If, in the circle of your acquaintance, you find a person desirous of being initiated into Masonry, be particularly attentive not to recommend him, unless you are convinced he will conform to our rules; that the honor, glory, and reputation of the institution may be firmly established, and the world at large convinced of its good effects.</p>
<h2>REMARKS ON THE SECOND DEGREE.</h2>
</body></html>