<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>CHAPTER XII. - REMARKS ON THE SIXTH, OR MOST EXCELLENT MASTER&#x27;S DEGREE.</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head><body>
<h1>CHAPTER XII. - REMARKS ON THE SIXTH, OR MOST EXCELLENT MASTER&#x27;S DEGREE.</h1>
<p class='noindent'>None but the meritorious and praiseworthy, none but those who through diligence and industry have advanced far toward perfection, none but those who have been seated in the Oriental Chair by the unanimous suffrages of their brethren, can be admitted to this degree of Masonry. 1 In its original establishment, when the Temple of JerusaThe regular officers of a Most Excellent Master&#x27;s Lodge are two. I. Most Excellent Master. 2. Most Excellent Senior Warden. The degree is capable of imparting the finest dramatic effect, when properly conferred. The whole is exceedingly solemn and impressive.</p>
<h2>MOST EXCELLENT MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>lem was finished, and the fraternity celebrated the cap-stone with great joy, it is demonstrable that none but those who had proved themselves to be complete masters of their profession were admitted to this honor; and indeed the duties incumbent on every Mason who is accepted and acknowledged as a Most Excellent Master, are such as render it indispensable that he should have a perfect knowledge of all the preceding degrees. opening, accompanied by solemn ceremonies: The earth is the Lord&#x27;s, and the fullness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein. For he hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods. Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? and who shall stand in his holy place? He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully. He shall receive the blessing from the Lord, and righteousness from the God of his salvation. This is the generation of them that seek him, that seek thy face, Jacob. Selah. Lift up your heads, O ye gates, and be ye lifted up, ye everlasting doors, and the King of Glory shall come in. Who is this King of Glory? The Lord, strong and mighty, the Lord, mighty in battle. Lift up your heads, ye gates, even lift them up, ye everlasting doors, and the King of Glory shall come in. Who is this King of Glory? The Lord of Hosts, he is the King of. Glory. Selah. Psalm xxiv. I was glad when they said unto me, Let us go into the house of the Lord. Our feet shall stand within thy gates, Jerusalem. Jerusalem is builded as a city that is compact together; whither the tribes go up, the tribes of the Lord, unto the testimony of Israel, to give thanks unto the name of the Lord. For there are set thrones of judgment, the thrones of the house of David. Pray for the peace of Jerusalem they shall prosper that love thee. Peace be within thy walls and prosperity within thy palaces. For my brethren and companions&#x27; sake, I will now say, Peace be within thee. Because of the house of the Lord our God, I will seek thy good. Psalm cxxii. In the original editions the following Ode occurs in the Appendix. It is set in this place for the grealer convenience of use.</p>
<p class=''>^ &#x27; - h MOST EXCELLENT MASTER. H7</p>
<h2>MOST EXCELLENT MASTERS&#x27; ODE.</h2>
<p class=''>AIR-&quot;ALL HAIL TO THE MORNING. ARRANGED BY BRO. JAS. B. TAYLOR.</p>
<h2>PIANOFORTE I m</h2>
<p class=''>§ 1. All 2. Companions, the morning as • semble, 3. Now those that are hail worthy, 4 1to ifr ±=t^t that On Our bids us this toils joy who have reful</p>
<h2>MELODEON. I</h2>
<p class=''>*i 23ES3E 1 _*i ^ S ^Ji &#x27;i • 4J. r*S J it 4 * J J i ; J .4. J 0m J s f r J x ^r I 4 ^fi joice The tern - pie &#x27;s f pleted, r Ex - alt high each voice ; r r r f The day; (The occa - sion is glorious), The key-stone to lay; Fulshar&#x27;d, And prov&#x27;d themselves faithful. Shall meet their re - ward. Their £ Jf 4 -M5 &quot; | 1 1 &#x27; j | d 4 o 4 4. -1 i r fir 1LJ ! ., L 1 J &amp;£=^=^ -^-*^ PS -P* -HdS3: ^y% 1 1&quot; I I I cap-stone is finish&#x27;d, Our la - bor is o&#x27;er ; The sound of the fill&#x27;d is promise By the An the - cient of Days, To bring forth the vir - tue and knowledge, In - dus - try and skill, Have our ap - prot=t P P IN ! J- r4-J-^ £ £ X i J j7 II _P J £ * r f J • J J a SJ P i 4 4 0- 1 1 1 &#x27; r If- f r r 1 gavel Shall hail us no more, To the Power Al - mighty, who cap-stone with shouting and praise, There is no more oc casion for ba - tion, Have g ain&#x27;d our good will. We ac - cept and re - c sive them, Most -f-f^ -1 1- 1 1 1 1 f f _J 1 1</p>
<h2>MOST EXCELLENT MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>ifefcs i^&amp;M ev er has guid - ed The tribes of old Israel, ex - alting their Level or Plumb-line, For Trowel or Gavel, for Compass or Ex - cellent mas - ter, In - vested with honors, And power to prerrr T=¥=* £i H=l Q! fame To ; Him who hath govern&#x27;d our hearts un Square Our ; works are com - plet - ed, the ark safe side ; A - mong wot - thy craftsmen, where - ev - er 9 # r-t r*-4fil 1 I l h vid - ed. Let &#x27;s send forth our voic - es praise His great name, seat - ed, And we shall be greeted workmen most rare, mm^m sembled, The knowledge of Masons spread far and wide. ^S 4. Almighty Jehovah ! Descend now and fill This Lodge with thy glory, Our hearts with good will l Preside at our meetings, Assist us to find True pleasure in teaching Good- will to mankind. Thy Wisdom, inspired the great institution, Thy Strength shall support it, till Nature expire ; And when the creation shall fall into ruin, Its Beauty shall rise, through the midst of the fire.</p>
<p class=''>Passages of Scripture from 2 Chron. vi : are also introduced with solemn ceremonies. 1 Now, when Solomon had made an end of praying, the fire came down from heaven and consumed the burnt-offering and the sacrifices and the glory of the Lord filled the house. And the priests could not enter into the house of the Lord, because the glory of the Lord had filled the Lord&#x27;s house. And when all the children of Israel saw how the fire came down, and the glory of the Lord upon the house, they bowed themselves with their faces to the ground upon the pavement, and worshiped, and praised the Lord, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth forever. Chron. vii 1-4. :</p>
<h2>CHARGE TO BE DELIVERED TO A BROTHER WHO IS ACCEPTED</h2>
<h2>AND ACKNOWLEDGED AS A MOST EXCELLENT MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Brother : Your admittance to this degree of Masonry, is a proof of the good opinion the brethren of this Lodge • The whole of this chapter, or extracts from it, used by the Master at discretion. As every Lodge is provided •with a copy of the Holy Scriptures as an essential part of its furniture, we have thought proper to omit the lengthy passages, and use the space for other matter not »q easily available to the Craft.</p>
<h2>MOST EXCELLENT MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>entertain of your Masonic abilities. Let this consideration induce you to be careful of forfeiting, by misconduct or inattention to our rules, that esteem which has raised you to the rank you now possess. &quot; It is one of your great duties, as a Most Excellent Master, to dispense light and truth to the uninformed Mason ; and I need not remind you of the impossibility of complying with this obligation without possessing an accurate acquaintance with the lectures of each degree. &quot; If you are not already completely conversant in all the degrees heretofore conferred on you, remember, that an indulgence, prompted by a belief that you will apply yourself with double diligence to make yourself so, has induced the Brethren to accept you. &quot; Let it, therefore, be your unremitting study to acquire such a degree of knowledge and information as shall enable you to discharge with propriety the various duties incumbent on you, and to preserve unsullied the title now conferred upon you of a Most Excellent Master.&quot;</p>
<h2>ROYAL ARCH MASON</h2>
<p class=''>a AAA a A A A A A</p>
</body></html>