<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>CHAPTER X. - REMARKS ON THE FOURTH, OR MARK MASTER&#x27;S DEGREE.</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head><body>
<h1>CHAPTER X. - REMARKS ON THE FOURTH, OR MARK MASTER&#x27;S DEGREE.</h1>
<p class='noindent'>This degree of Masonry was not less useful in its original institution, nor are its effects less beneficial to mankind, than those which precede it. By the influence of this degree, each operative Mason, at the erection of the Temple of Solomon, was known and distinguished by the Senior Grand Warden. By its effects the disorder and confusion that might otherwise have attended so immense an undertaking was completely prevented ; and not only the Craftsmen themselves, who were eighty thousand in number, but every part of their workmanship, was discriminated with the greatest nicety and the utmost facility. If defects were found, by the help of this degree, the overseers were enabled without difficulty to ascertain who was the faulty workman so that deficiencies might be remedied, without injuring the credit, or diminishing the reward, of the industrious and faithful of the Craft.</p>
<h2>CHARGE TO BE READ AT OPENING THE LODGE.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Wherefore, brethren, lay aside all malice, and guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, and all evil speakings : &quot; If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious :To whom coming as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious, ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God. &quot; Wherefore, also it is contained in the Scriptures, Behold, I lay in Zion, for a foundation, a tried stone, a precious corner-stone, a sure foundation ; he that believeth shall not make haste to pass it over. Unto you, therefore, which be-</p>
<h2>MARK MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>lieve, it is an honor and even to them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner. &quot; Brethren, this is the will of God, that with well-doing ye put to silence the ignorance of foolish men. As free, and not using your liberty for a cloak of maliciousness, but as the servants of God. Honor all men, love the brotherhood, fear God/&#x27;- 2 Pet. ii 1 to 17. 1 :</p>
<h2>REMARKS ON THE FOURTH LECTURE.</h2>
<h2>THE FIRST SECTION.</h2>
<p class=''>The first section explains the manner of convocating and opening a Mark Master&#x27;s Lodge. It teaches the stations and duties of the respective officers, and recapitulates the mystic ceremony of introducing a candidate. In this section is exemplified the regularity and good order that were observed by the Craftsmen on Mount Libanus, and in the plains and quarries of Zeredatha, and it ends with a beautiful display of the manner in which one of the principal events originated, which characterizes this degree. ^ A i i i i ! I I ! ? I &#x27;l ! I I I The regular officers of a Mark Master&#x27;s Lodge are, 1. Right Worshipful Master; 2. Worshipful Senior Warden; 3. Worshipful Junior Warden; 4. Master Overseer; 5. Senior Overseer; 6. Junior Overseer; 7. Senior Deacon 8. Junior Deacon.; Although the antiquity of this degree can not he demonstrated, and its origin is obscure, yet, for beauty of ceremonial, impressiveness of principles, and the readiness with which the degree is made available in practice between Brother and Brother, there is no other which excels it</p>
<h2>THE SECOND SECTION.</h2>
<p class=''>In the second section the Mark Master is particularly instructed in the origin and history of this degree, and the indispensable obligations he is under to stretch forth his assisting hand to the relief of an indigent and worthy brother, to a certain and specified extent. The progress made in architecture, particularly in the reign of Solomon, is remarked; the numbers of artists employed in the building the Temple of Jerusalem, and the privileges they enjoyed, are specified; the mode of rewarding merit, and of punishing the guilty, are pointed out; and the marks of distinction which were conferred on our ancient brethren, as the rewards of excellence, are named. In the course of the lecture, the following texts of Scripture are introduced and explained, viz : To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving him that receiveth it. Rev. ii: 17. And we will cut wood out of Lebanon, as much as thou shalt need; and we will bring it to thee in floats by sea to Joppa, and thou shalt carry it up to Jerusalem. 2 Chron. The stone which the builders refused, is become the head stone of the corner. Psalm cxviii: 22. Did ye never read in the Scriptures, The stone which the builders rejected, is become the head of the corner? Matt. xxi: 42. And have ye not read this Scripture, The stone which the builders rejected; is become the head of the corner? Mark xii: 10. What is this, then, that is written, The stone which the builders rejected, is become the head of the corner? Luke This is the stone which was set at naught of you builders, which is become the head of the corner. Acts iv: 11. He that hath an ear to hear, let him hear. Rev. iii : 11. Then he brought me back the way of the gate of the outward sanctuary, which looketh toward the East, and it was shut. Then said the Lord unto me, This gate shall be shut,</p>
<h2>MARK MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>it shall not be opened, and no man shall enter in by it; because the Lord, the God of Israel, hath entered in by it, therefore it shall he shut. It is for the prince; the prince he shall sit in it to eat bread before the Lord; he shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate, and shall go out by the way of the same. And the Lord said unto me, Son of man, mark well, and behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears, all that I say unto thee concerning all the ordinances of the House of the Lord, and all the laws thereof; and mark icell the entering in of the house, with every going forth of the sanctuary. Ezekiel xliv 1-3, 5. The working tools of a Mark Master are the Chisel and Mallei. The Chisel morally demonstrates the advantages of Discipline and Education. The mind, like the diamond in its original state, is rude and unpolished but, as the effect of the chisel on the external coat soon presents to view the latent beauties of the diamond, so education discovers the latent virtues of the mind, and draws them forth to range the large field of matter and space, to display the summit of human knowledge, our duty to God and to man. The Mallet morally teaches to correct irregularities, and to reduce man to a proper level ; so that by quiet deportment, he may, in the school of discipline, learn to be content. What the mallet is to the workman, enlightened reason is to the passions it curbs ambition, it depresses envy, it moderates anger, and it encourages good dispositions whence arises, among good Masons, that comely order, j &quot;Which nothing earthly gives, or can destroy The soul&#x27;s calm sunshine, and the heart-frit joy.&quot;</p>
<h2>CHARGE TO BE DELIVERED WHEN A CANDIDATE IS ADVANCED</h2>
<h2>TO THE FOURTH DEGREE.</h2>
<p class=''>Brother: I congratulate yon on having been, thought worthy of being promoted to this honorable degree of Masonry. Permit me to impress it upon your mind, that your assiduity should ever be commensurate with your duties, which become more and more extensive as you advance in Masonry. The situation to which you are now promoted will draw upon you not only the scrutinizing eyes of the world at large, but those also of your brethren, on whom this degree of Masonry has not been conferred; all will be justified in expecting your conduct and behavior to be such as may with safety be imitated. In the honorable character of Mark Master, it is more particularly your duty to endeavor to let your conduct in the Lodge and among your brethren, be such as may stand the test of the Grand Overseer&#x27;s square, that you may not, like the unfinished and imperfect work of the negligent and unfaithful of former times, be rejected and thrown aside, as unfit for that spiritual building, that house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. While such is your conduct, should misfortune assail you, should friends forsake you, should envy traduce your good name, and malice persecute you; yet may you have confidence, that among Mark Masters, you will find friends who will administer relief to your distresses, and comfort your afflictions; ever bearing in mind, as a consolation under all the frowns of fortune, and as an encouragement to hope for better prospects, that the stone which the builders rejected, possessing merits to them unknown, became the chief stone of the comer. Previous to closing the Lodge, the following Parable is recited: &quot; For the kingdom of Heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire laborers into his vineyard. And when he had agreed with the laborers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard. And he went out about the third hour, and saw others standing idle in the market-place, and said unto them, Go ye</p>
<h2>MARK MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>also into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right I will give you. And they went their way. Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour and did likewise. And about the eleventh hour, he went out, and found others standing idle, and saith unto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle? They say unto him, Because no man hath &quot;hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into my vineyard, and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive. So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his steward, Call the laborers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first. And when they came that were hired about the eleventh hour, they received every jnan a penny. But when the first came, they supposed that they should have received more, and they likewise received every man a penny. And when they had received it, they murmured against the good man of the house, saying, These last have wrought but</p>
<p class=''>one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day. But he answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do thee no wrong; didst not rlfW thou agree with me for a penny? Take that thine is, and go thy way; I will give unto this last even as unto thee. Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own ? Is thine eye evil because I am good ? So the last shall be first, and the first last; for many be called, but few chosen.&quot; Matt, xx : 1-16. The ceremony of closing a Lodge, in this degree, when properly conducted, is peculiarly interesting. It assists in strengthening the social affections it teaches us the duty we owe to our brethren in particular, and the whole family of mankind in general, by ascribing praise to the meritorious, and dispensing rewards to the diligent and industrious.</p>
<p class=''>- H ; ; - n - ;</p>
<h2>MARK MASTER.</h2>
<h2>MARK MASTERS&#x27; ODE</h2>
<h2>ADAPTED AND ARRANGED BY BRO. JAS. B. TAYLOR.</h2>
<p class=''>4-4-</p>
<h2>PIANOFORTE</h2>
<p class=''>j fe^z^zj rt 4^- m J i i1. Mark Masters all appear, Before the Chief O&#x27;erseer, 2. You who have pass&#x27;d the square, For your re ward prepare, WHj, s em f ^-FFl I h: In con - cert move him your work Let in - spect, For the Chief Join heart and hand Each with his mark in view, March with the J Js -a J^i rn J. f J _P - - - -Lf -f&quot;4- -j p1^ -h_L__-J-4H--H_i_j ,? r * &#x27; J r „J 1 | j Ar - chi - tect, If there be no de - feet, He will approve, just and true, Wa ges you are due, At your command. - -t- r j J -i±-d^-J* e f_ -i j-^-m Hiram, the widow&#x27;s son, 4 Now to the westward move, Sent unto Solomon Where, full of strength and love, Our great key-stone Hiram doth stand On it appears the name But if impostors are Which raises high the fame Mixed with the worthy there, Of all to whom the same Caution them to beware la truly known. Of the right hand.</p>
<h2>-CEREMONIES.-</h2>
<p class=''>Now to the praise of those Who triumph&#x27;d o&#x27;er the foes Of Mason&#x27;s art To the praiseworthy three, Who founded this degree, May all their virtues be Deep in our hearts.</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>itthtpwttw h pgp i j &#x27; i 1 ! g</p>
<h2>CHAPTEE XI.</h2>
<h2>OBSERVATIONS ON THE DEGREE OF PRESENT OR PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>This degree should be carefully studied, and well understood, by every Master of a Lodge. It treats of the govern-</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>merit of our society, and the disposition of our rulers; and It includes the cereillustrates their requisite qualifications. mony of opening and closing Lodges in the several preceding degrees; and also the forms of installation and consecration, in the Grand Lodge, as well as private Lodges. It comprehends the ceremonies at laying the foundation-stones of public buildings, and also at dedications and at funerals, by a variety of particulars explanatory of those ceremonies. 1</p>
<h2>REMARKS ON THE FIFTH LECTURE.</h2>
<h2>THE FIRST SECTION.</h2>
<h2>OF THE MANNER OF CONSTITUTING A LODGE OF MASTER</h2>
<h2>MASONS.</h2>
<p class=''>Any number of Master Masons, not under seven, desirous of forming a new Lodge, must apply, by petition, to the Grand Lodge of the State in which they reside. 2 This petition, being signed by at least seven regular Masons, and recommended by a Lodge, or Lodges, adjacent to the place where the new Lodge is to be holden, is delivered to the Grand Secretary, who lays it before the Grand Lodge. If the petition meets the approbation of the Grand Lodge, they generally order a dispensation to be issued, which is signed by the Grand, or Deputy Grand Master, 3 and authorizes • In Masonic strictness this degree should be given to none, save those who are regularly elected to govern a Symbolical Lodge. The deviation from tlus rule, in favor of Royal Arch Masonry, has not been to the credit of the degree, nor to the advantage of the Craft. No person should be allowed to take the degree of Past Master, at least until he has made himself thoroughly proficient in the. three degrees of Symbolical Masonry, is able to open and close the Lodges, confer the degrees with dramatic effectiveness, and give the lectures of each from memory. The regular officers of a Past Masters&#x27; Lodge correspond exactly with a Lodge of Master Masons. The titles are, Right Worshipful Master, Worshipful Senior, and Worshipful Junior Warden. For Form of Petition and Dispensation, see Appendix. That is, according to the particular usage of the Grand Lodge having jurisdiction.</p>
<p class=''>the petitioners to assemble as a legal Lodge for a certain specified term of time. 1 In some jurisdictions, the Grand and Deputy Grand Masgrant dispenters, respectively, are invested with authority to sations, at pleasure, during the recess of the Grand Lodge; in others, they are never issued without the special direction of the Grand Lodge. Lodges working under dispensations are considered merely as agents of the Grand Lodge their presiding officers are not entitled to the rank of Past Masters their officers are not privileged with a vote or voice in the Grand Lodge they ; can not change their officers without the special approbation and appointment of the Grand Lodge and in case of the cessation of such Lodges, their funds, jewels, and other property accumulated by initiations into the several degrees, become the property of the Grand Lodge, and must be delivered over to the Grand Treasurer. When Lodges, that are at first instituted by dispensation, have passed a proper term of probation, they make application to the Grand Lodge for a charter of constitution. 2 If this be obtained, they are then confirmed in the possession of their property, and possess all the rights and privileges of regularly constituted Lodges, as long as they conform to the constitutions of Masonry. 3 After a charter is granted by the Grand Lodge, the Grand Master appoints a day and hour for constituting and consecrating the new Lodge, and for installing its Master, Wardens, and other officers. If the Grand Master, in person, attends the ceremony, the Lodge is said to be constituted in ample form; if the Deputy Grand Master only, it is said to be constituted in due form; but if the power of performing the ceremony is vested in a Subordinate Lodge, it is said to be constituted in form. When Charters of Constitution are granted for places where the distance is so great as to render it inconvenient for the Grand officers to attend, the Grand Master, or his Deputy, The usage is, that all Dispensations terminate on the first day of the subsequent Grand Annual Communication of the Grand Lodge. For Form of Charter, or Warrant, see Appendix. The forfeiture or resignation of a Charter, however, works a total forfeiture of all property, real or personal, which was in its possession at the period of its demise.</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>issues a written instrument under his hand and private seal, to some worthy Present or Past Master, with full power to congregate, constitute -and install the petitioners. 1</p>
<h2>CEREMONY OF CONSTITUTION AND CONSECRATION.</h2>
<p class=''>On the day and hour appointed, the Grand Master and meet in a convenient room, near to that in which his officers the Lodge to be constituted is assembled, and open the Grand Lodge in the three degrees of Masonry. The officers of the new Lodge are to be examined by the Deputy Grand Master, after which they return to their Lodge. The new Lodge then sends a messenger to the Grand Master with the following message, viz : &quot; Most Worshipful The officers and brethren of Lodge, who are now assembled at have instructed me to inform you, that the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge [or Grand Master] was pleased to grant them a letter of dispensation, bearing date the day of . . in the year authorizing them to form and open a Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons, in the town of that since that period they have regularly assembled, and conducted the business of Masonry according to the best of their abilities that their proceedings having received the approbation of the M. W. Grand Lodge, they have obtained a charter of constitution, and are desirous that their Lodge should be consecrated, and their officers installed, agreeably to the ancient usages and customs of the Craft for which purpose they are now met, and await the pleasure of the most Worshipful Grand Master.&quot; He then returns to his Lodge, who prepare for the reception of the Grand Lodge. When notice is given that they are prepared, the Grand Lodge walk in the procession to their hall. When the Grand Master enters, the grand honors 2 are given by the new Lodge the officers of which resign their seats to the Grand Officers, and take their several stations on the left. For Form of Dispensation to install officers, see Appendix. These are the private Grand Honors, which can not be described here.</p>
<p class=''>The necessary cautions are then given, and all, excepting Masters and Past Masters of Lodges, are requested to retire until the Master of the new Lodge is placed in the Chair of Solomon. He is then bound to the faithful performance of his trust, and invested with the characteristics of the Chair. 1 Upon due notice, the Grand Marshal reconducts the Brethren into the hall, and all take their places except the members of the new Lodge, who form a procession on one side of the hall, to salute their Master. As they advance, the Grand Master addresses them, &quot;Brethren, behold your Master !&quot; As they pass, they make the proper salutation and when they have all passed, he joins them, and takes his appropriate station. A grand procession is then formed, in the following order, viz.: Tyler, with a Drawn Sword. Two Stewards, with White Rods. Entered Apprentices. Fellow Crafts. Master Masons. Stewards. Junior Deacons. Senior Deacons. Secretaries, Treasurers. Past Wardens. Junior Wardens. Senior Wardens. Past Masters. Royal Arch Masons. Knights Templar. Masters of Lodges. The New Lodge. Tyler, with a Drawn Sword. Stewards, with White Rods. Entered Apprentices. Fellow Crafts. Master Masons. Deacons. The usage has heretofore been to throw around this a ceremony of marked dramatic effect. At the Triennial Convention of the General Grand Royal Arch Chapter, 1856, it was recommended that the drama be omitted; but the- advice has not been generally accepted, and the usage, in most jurisdictions, is continued as before.</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>Secretary and Treasurer. Two Brethren, carrying the Lodge.l Junior and Senior Wardens. The Holy Writings, carried by the Oldest Member, not in Office. The Master. Music. The Grand Lodge. Grand Tyler, with a Drawn Sword. Grand Stewards-, with White Rods. A Brother, carrying a Golden Vessel of Corn. 2 Two Brethren, carrying Silver Vessels, one of Wine, the other of Oil. Grand Secretaries. Grand Treasurers. A Burning Taper, borne by a Past Master. A Past Master, bearing the Holy Writings. Square and Compass, supported by two Stewards, with Rods, Two Burning Tapers, borne by the two Past Masters. Clergy and Orator. The Tuscan and Composite Orders. The Doric, Ionic and Corinthian Orders. Past Grand Wardens. Past Deputy Grand Masters. Past Grand Masters. The Globes. Junior and Senior Grand Wardens. Right Worshipful Deputy Grand Master. The Master of the oldest Lodge, carrying the Book of Constitutions. The M. W. Grand Master. The Grand Deacons, on a line seven feet apart, on the right and left of the Grand Master, with Black Rods. Grand Sword Bearer, with a Drawn Sword. Two Stewards, with White Rods. The whole procession moves on to the church or house where the services are to be performed. When the front of the procession arrives at the door, they halt, open to the right and left, and face inward, while the Grand Master, and others in succession, pass through and enter the house. A platform is erected in front of the pulpit, and provided with seats for the accommodation of the Grand Officers. The Bible, square and compass, and book of constitutions! Flooring.- Webb. 2 Wheat.- Webb.</p>
<p class=''>are placed upon a table, in front of the Grand Master; the lodge is placed in the center, upon the platform, covered with white satin or linen, and encompassed by the three tapers and the vessels of corn, wine, and oil. A piece of music is performed, and the public services commence with prayer. An oration, or sermon, upon the design and principles of the institution, is then delivered by the Grand Chaplain, or some one appointed for that purpose, which is succeeded by a piece of music. &#x27;ihe Grand Marshal then directs the officers and members of the new Lodge to form in front of the Grand Master. The Deputy G-rand Master addresses the Grand Master, as follows : &quot; Most Worshipful :- A number of brethren, duly instructed in the mysteries of Masonry, having assembled together, at stated periods, for some time past, by virtue of a dispensation granted them for that purpose, do now desire to be constituted into a regular Lodge, agreeably to the ancient usages and customs of the Fraternity.&quot; Their Secretary then delivers the dispensation and records to the Master elect, who presents them to the Grand Master. The Grand Master examines the records, and if they are found correct, proclaims, &quot;The records appear to be properly entered, and are approved. Upon due deliberation, the Grand Lodge have granted the Brethren of this new Lodge a Charter, confirming them in the rights and privileges of a regular constituted Lodge, which the Grand Secretary will now read.&quot; After the Charter is read, the Grand Master then says &quot; Weshall now proceed, according to ancient usage, to constitute these Brethren into 3, regular Lodge.&quot; Whereupon the several officers of the new Lodge deliver up their jewelsand badges to their Master, who presents them, with his own, to the Deputy Grand Master, and he to the Grand Master. The Deputy Grand Master now presents the Master elect of the new Lodge to the Grand Master, saying &quot; Most Worshipful : -I present you, Brother</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>•whom the members of the Lodge now to be constituted have chosen for their Master.&quot; The Grand Master asks them if they remain satisfied with The Master then presents, severally, his Wardens, and other ohcers, naming them and their respective offices. The Grand Master asks the Brethren if they remain satisfied with each and all of them. (They bow as before.) The officers and members of the new Lodge then form in the broad aisle, in front of the Grand Master and the business of consecration commences with solemn music.</p>
<h2>CEREMONY OF CONSECRATION.</h2>
<p class=''>The Grand Master, attended by the Grand Officers and the Grand Chaplain, form themselves in order round the Lodge, which is then uncovered. All devoutly kneeling, the first clause of the consecration prayer is rehearsed, as follows, viz. &quot;Great Architect of the Universe Maker and Ruler of all Worlds deign, from thy celestial Temple, from realms of light and glory, to bless us in all the purposes of our present assembly ! &quot;We humbly invoke Thee to give us, at this and at all times, wisdom in all our doings, strength of mind in all our difficulties, and the beauty of harmony in all our communications! &quot;Permit us, thou Author of Light and Life, great source of Love and Happiness, to erect this Lodge, and now solemnly to consecrate it to the honor of Thy glory ! &quot; Glory be to God on high.&quot; [Response by the Brethren.&#x27;] u As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be! Amen/&#x27; During the response, the Deputy Grand Master, and Grand Wardens, take the vessels of corn, wine, and oil, and sprinkle the elements of consecration upon the Lodge. [The Grand Chaplain then continues.^ &quot;Grant, Lord our God, that those who are now about to be invested with the government of this Lodge, may be</p>
<p class=''>endued with wisdom to instruct their brethren in all their duties. May brotherly love, relief and truth, always prevail among the members of this Lodge; and may this bond of union continue to strengthen the Lodges throughout the world! &quot;Bless all our brethren, wherever dispersed; and grant speedy relief to all who are either oppressed or distressed. &quot; We affectionately commend to Thee all the members of Thy whole family. May they increase in the knowledge of Thee, and in the love of each other. &quot; Finally May we finish all our work here below with thine approbation and then have our transition from this earthly abode to Thy Heavenly Temple above, there to enjoy light, glory and bliss, ineffable and eternal I &quot;Glory be to God on high!&quot; [Response by the Brethren.&#x27;] &quot;As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be! Amen, so mote it be! Amen!&quot; Then succeeds solemn music, while the Lodge is covered. The Grand Chaplain then dedicates the Lodge, in the following terms &quot; To the memory of HOLY SAINT JOHN, we dedicate this Lodge. May every Brother revere his character and imitate his virtues. &quot; Glory be to God on high ! [Response.&#x27;] - &quot;As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen! so mote it be! Amen!&quot; A piece of music is then performed, while the Brethren of the new Lodge advance in procession to salute the Grand Lodge, with their hands crossed upon their breasts, and bowing as they pass. They then take their places, and stand as they were. • The Grand Master then rises, and constitutes the new Lodge in the form following: &quot;In the name of the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge, I now constitute and form you, my good brethren, into a Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons. From henceforth I empower you to act as a regular Lodge, constituted in conformity to the rites of our Order, and the charges of our ancient and honor«</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>able fraternity; and may the Supreme Architect of the Uni&#x27; verse prosper, direct and counsel you in all your doings.&quot; [Response by all the Brethren.&#x27;] -&quot;So mote it be!&quot; The ceremony of installation then succeeds. 1</p>
<h2>THE SECOND SECTION.</h2>
<h2>CEREMONY OF INSTALLATION.</h2>
<p class=''>The Grand Master 2 asks his Deputy, &quot;Whether he has examined the Master nominated in the Warrant, and finds him well skilled in the noble science and the royal art.&quot; The Deputy, answering in the affirmative, 3 by the Grand Master&#x27;s order, takes the candidate from among his fellows, and presents him at the pedestal, saying, &quot;Most Worshipful Grand Master, I present my worthy Brother, A. B., to be installed Master of this new Lodge. I find him to be of good morals, and of great skill, true and trusty; and as he is a lover of the whole fraternity, wheresoever dispersed over the face of the earth, I doubt not that he will discharge his duty with fidelity.&quot; The Grand Master then addresses him: &quot;Brother: Previous to your investiture, it is necessary that you should signify your assent to those ancient charges and regulations which point out the duty of a Master of a Lodge.&quot; The Grand Master then reads, or orders to be read, a sumThe Installation Covenant should be taken by every officer, whether elected or appointed. This is, of course, taken in the Lodge, open in either degree; but the installation itself may be, and often is, performed in public. No person can be legally installed Master of a Lodge until he has received the degree (or order) of Past Master. In Virginia, by modern usage, even a Warden elect must have this degree before he can be installed. In this, and other similar instances, where the Grand Master is specified in acting, may be understood any Master who performs the ceremony.- Webb. A private examination is understood to precede the installation of every - Webb. officer.</p>
<p class=''>mary of the ancient charges to the Master elect, as follows, 1. You agree to be a good man and true, and strictly to obey the moral law. 2. You agree to be a peaceable subject, and cheerfully to conform to the laws of the country in which you reside. 3. You promise not to be concerned in plots and conspiracies against government, but patiently to submit to the decisions of the supreme legislature. 4. You agree to pay a proper respect to the civil magistrate, to work diligently, live creditably, and act honorably by all men. 5. You agree to hold in veneration the original rulers and patrons of the Order of Masonry, and their regular successors, supreme and subordinate, according to their stations; and to submit to the awards and resolutions of your brethren when convened, in every case consistent with the constitutions of the Order. 6. You agree to avoid private piques and quarrels, and to guard against intemperance and excess. 7. You agree to be cautious in carriage and behavior, courteous to your brethren, and faithful to your Lodge. 8. You promise to respect genuine brethren, and to discountenance impostors, and all dissenters from the original plan of Masonry. 9. You agree to promote the general good of society, to cultivate the social virtues, and to propagate the knowledge of the art. .10. You promise to pay homage to the Grand Master for the time being, and to his officers when duly installed; and strictly to conform to every edict of the Grand Lodge, or General Assembly of Masons, that is not subversive of the principles and groundwork of Masonry. 11. You admit that it is not in the power of any man, or body of men, to make innovations in the body of Masonry. 12. You promise a regular attendance on the committees and communications of the Grand Lodge, on receiving proper notice, and pay attention to all the duties of Masonry, on convenient occasions. 13. You admit that no new Lodge shall be formed without permission of the Grand Lodge ; and that no countenance be</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>given to any irregular Lodge or to any person clandestinely initiated therein, being contrary to the Ancient charges of the Order. 14. You admit that no person can be regularly made a Mason in, or admitted a member of, any regular Lodge, without previous notice, and due inquiry into his character. 15. You agree that no visitors shall be received into your Lodge without due examination, and producing proper vouchers of their having been initiated into a regular Lodge. 1 These are the regulations of Free and Accepted Masons. The Grand Master then addresses the Master elect in the following manner: u Do you submit to these charges, and promise to support these regulations, as Masters have done in all ages before you?&quot; The new Master having signified his cordial submission as before, the Grand Master thus addresses him : &quot; Brother A B, in consequence of your cheerful conformity to the charges and regulations of the Order, you are now to be installed Master of this new Lodge, in full confidence of your care, skill and capacity to govern the same/&#x27; The new Master is then regularly invested with the insignia of his office, and the furniture and implements of his Lodge. The various implements of the profession are emblematical of our conduct in life, and upon this occasion carefully enumerated. &quot; The Holy Writings, that great light in Masonry, will guide you to all truth it will direct your paths to the temple of happiness, and point out to you the whole duty of man. The Square teaches to regulate our actions by rule and line, and to harmonize our conduct by the principles of morality and virtue. &quot; The Compass teaches to limit our desires in every station, that, rising to eminence by merit, we may live respected, and die regretted. &quot; The Rule directs that we should punctually observe our i We omit the ancient document inserted in a former edition.</p>
<p class=''>duty; press forward in the path of virtue, and, neither inclining to the right nor to the left, in all our actions, have eternity in view. &quot; The Line teaches the criterion of moral rectitude, to avoid dissimulation in conversation and action, and to direct our steps to the path which leads to immortality. &quot; The Booh of Constitutions you are to search at all times. Cause it to be read in your Lodge, that none may pretend ignorance of the excellent precepts it enjoins. &quot; Lastly, you receive in charge the By-Laws of your Lodge, which you are to see carefully and punctually executed.&quot; The jewels of the officers of the new Lodge being then returned to&#x27; the Master, he delivers them, respectively, to the several officers of the Grand Lodge, according to their rank. The subordinate officers of the new Lodge are then invested with their jewels, by the Grand Officers of corresponding rank and are by them, severally in turn, conducted to the Grand Master, who delivers each of them a short charge, as follows, viz.</p>
<h2>THE SENIOR WARDEN.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Brother C D, you are appointed Senior &quot;Warden of this new Lodge, and are now invested with the ensign of your office. &quot; The Level demonstrates that we are descended from the same stock, partake of the same nature, and share the same hope and though distinctions among men are necessary to preserve subordination, yet no eminence of station should make us forget that we are Brethren for he who is placed on the lowest spoke of fortune&#x27;s wheel, may be entitled to our regard because a time will come, and the wisest knows not how soon, when all distinctions, but that of goodness, shall cease and death, the grand leveler of human greatness, reduce us to the same state. 1 The introduction of the word &quot;appointed&quot; here which in practice is usually rendered &quot;elected&quot; maybe traced to two circumstances. 1. In the first organization of the Lodge, the officers are usually appointed by the Grand Lodge; and 2d. In former times, the Wardens were appointed by the Master.</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>Your regular attendance on our stated meetings is essentiallynecessary in the absence of the master you are to govern this Lodge in his presence you are to assist him in the government of it. I firmly rely on your knowledge of Masonry, and attachment to the Lodge, for the faithful discharge of the duties of this important trust - Look well to the West!&quot;</p>
<h2>THE JUNIOR WARDEN.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot;Brother E F, you are appointed Junior Warden of this new Lodge and are now- invested with the badge of your office. &quot; The Plumb admonishes us to walk uprightly in our several stations, to hold the scale of justice in equal poise, to observe the just medium between intem&#x27;perance and pleasure, and to make our passions and prejudices coincide with the line of our duty. &quot; To you, with such assistance as may be necessary, is intrusted the examination of visitors, and the reception of candidates. 1 &quot; To you is also committed the superintendence of the Craft during the hours of refreshment. 2 &quot; It is, therefore, indispensably necessary that you should not only be temperate and discreet, in the indulgence of your own inclinations, but carefully observe that none of the Craft be suffered to convert the purposes of refreshment into intemperance and excess. &quot; Your regular and punctual attendance is particularly requested and I have no doubt that you will faithfully execute the duty which you owe to your present appointment Look well to the South /&quot;</p>
<h2>THE TREASURER.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Brother Gr H, you are appointed Treasurer of this new Lodge. It is your duty to receive all moneys from the hands Df the Secretary, keep just and regular accounts of the same, This is not now the general usage in the American Lodges for the former, a special committee is usually appointed ;for the latter, the stewards are designated, or, in their absence, a special committee. This sentence expresses the prime duty, care and responsibility of the Junior Warden, &quot; to take charge of the brethren while at refresh*</p>
<p class=''>and pay them out at the Worshipful Master&#x27;s will and pleasure, with the consent of the Lodge. I trust your regard for the Fraternity will prompt you to the faithful discharge of the duties of your office.&quot;</p>
<h2>THE SECRETARY.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Brother I K, you are appointed Secretary of this new Lodge. It is your duty to observe the Worshipful Master&#x27;s will and pleasure, to record the proceedings of the Lodge, to receive all moneys, and pay them into the hands of the Treasurer. Your good inclination to Masonry and this Lodge, I hope, will induce you to discharge your office with fidelity, and, by so doing, you will merit the esteem and applause of your Brethren.&quot;</p>
<h2>THE SENIOR AND JUNIOR DEACONS.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Brothers L M and N 0, you are appointed Deacons of this new Lodge. It is your province to attend on the Master and Wardens, and to act as their proxies in the active duties of the Lodge ; such as the reception of candidates into the different degrees of Masonry, the introduction and accommodation of visitors, and in the immediate practice of our rites. These columns, as badges of your office, I intrust to your care, not doubting your vigilance and attention.&quot; 1</p>
<h2>THE STEWARDS.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Brothers P Q and B S, you are appointed Stewards of this new Lodge. The duties of your office are, to assist in the collection of dues and subscriptions, or keep an account of the Lodge expenses, to see that the tables are properly furnished at refreshment, and that every Brother is suitably provided for and generally to assist the Deacons and other officers in performing their respective duties. Your regular and early attendance will afford the best proof of your zeai and attachment to the Lodge.&quot; The badge or jewel of the Deacons&#x27; offices is, by common usage, changed, as may be seen in the cut. But in many Lodges, other emblems are worn such as the Winged Mercury, the Triangles, the StoneThere is little uniformity in this respect.</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<h2>THE TYLER</h2>
<p class=''>Is then appointed, and receives the instrument of his office, with a short charge on the occasion. The Grand Master then addresses the officers and members of the new Lodge as follows :</p>
<h2>CHARGE UPON THE INSTALLATION OF THE OFFICERS OF A</h2>
<h2>LODGE.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Worshipful Master : - The Grand Lodge having committed to your care the superintendence and government of the Brethren who are to compose this new Lodge, you can not be insensible of the obligations which devolve on you, as their head nor of your responsibility for the faithful discharge of the important duties annexed to your appointment. &quot; The honor, reputation, and usefulness of your Lodge will materially depend on the skill and assiduity with which you manage its concerns; while the happiness of its members will be generally promoted, in proportion to the zeal and ability with which you propagate the genuine principles of our institution. &quot; For a pattern of imitation, consider the great luminary of nature, which, rising in the East, regularly diffuses light and luster to all within its circle. In like manner it is your province to spread and communicate light and instruction to the Brethren of your Lodge. Forcibly impress upon them the dignity and high importance of J^sonry and seriously admonish them never to disgrace it. Charge them to practice out of the Lodge those duties which they have been taught in it; and by amiable, discreet and virtuous conduct, to convince mankind of the goodness of the institution so that,; when any one is said to be a member of it, the world may know that he is one to whom the burdened heart may pour out its sorrows to whom distress may prefer its suit, whose hand is guided by justice, and his heart expanded by benevolence. In short, by a diligent observance of the By-Laws of your Lodge, the Constitutions of Masonry, and, above all, the Holy Scriptures&#x27;, which are given as a rule and guide to your faith, you will be enabled to acquit yourself with honor and reputation, and lay up a crown of rejoicing, which shall continue when time shall be uo more.&quot;</p>
<h2>SECOND SECTION. &quot;</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Brother Senior and Junior Wardens You are too well acquainted with the principles of Masonry to warrant any distrust that you will be found wanting in the discharge of your respective duties. Suffice it to mention, that what you have seen praiseworthy in others, you should carefully imitate and what in them may have appeared defective, you should in yourselves amend. You should be examples of good order and regularity; for it is only by a due regard to the laws in your own conduct, that you can expect obedience to them from others. You are assiduously to assist the Master in the discharge of his trust, diffusing light and imparting knowledge to all whom he shall place under your care. In the absence of the Master you will succeed to higher duties your acquirements must, therefore, be such as that the Craft may never suffer for want of proper instruction. From the spirit which you have hitherto evinced, I entertain no doubt that your future conduct will be such as to merit the applause of your Brethren, and the testimony of a good conscience. &quot; Brethren of Lodge : - Such is the nature of our constitution, that as some must, of necessity, rule and teach, so others must, of course, learn to submit and obey. Humility in both is an essential duty. The officers who are appointed to govern your Lodge, are sufficiently conversant with the rules of propriety, and the laws of the institution, to avoid exceeding the powers with which they are intrusted and you ; are of too generous dispositions to envy their preferment. I therefore trust that you will have but one aim to please each other, and unite in the grand design of being happy and communicating happiness. &quot;Finally, my Brethren, as this association has been formed and perfected in so much unanimity and concord, in which we greatly rejoice, so may it long continue. May you long enjoy every satisfaction and delight, which disinterested friendship can afford. May kindness and brotherly affection distinguish your conduct as men and as Masons. Within your peaceful walls, may your children&#x27;s children celebrate, with joy and gratitude, the transactions of this auspicious solemnity ; and may the tenets of our profession be transmitted through your Lodge, pure and unimpaired, from generation to generation.&quot;</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>The Grand Marshal then proclaims the new Lodge, in the following manner, viz &quot;In the name of the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge of the State of ,I proclaim this new Lodge, by the name of Lodge, duly constituted.&quot; This proclamation is made thrice, and each time followed with a flourish of drums or trumpets. The Grand Chaplain then makes the concluding prayer, which ends the public ceremonies. The grand procession is then formed in the same order as before, and returns to the hall. The Grand Master, Deputy Grand Master, and Grand Wardens, being seated, all but Master Masons are caused to retire, and the procession continues round the hall, which upon passing the several Grand officers, pays them due homage, by the usual congratulations and honors, in the different degrees, commencing with the lowest. During the procession (which passes three times round the Lodge) the following song is sung, which concludes the ceremony of installation</p>
<h2>SECOND SECTION. 1Q1</h2>
<h2>INSTALLATION ODE.</h2>
<p class=''>Am. Italian Hymn. Adapted and arranged by Bao. Jas. B. Tatlok.</p>
<h2>PIANOFORTE</h2>
<p class=''>1. Hail, Ma - son ry di • vine ! GIo ry - • of</p>
<h2>MELODEON.</h2>
<p class=''>PP S^S tit ? g F^rn *| P ges shine I Long may&#x27;st thou reign : Wheree&#x27;er thy lodges stand, rr r i j.ju ^=f May they have great command, And always grace the land, Thou art p$m% di - vine J-L4j. 1 1 11 j j^ ^g ^ p=±=t Great fabrics still arise, And grace the azure skies Great are thy schemes Thy noble orders are Matchless, beyond compare J No art with thee can share. Thou art divine J Hiram, the architect, Did all the Craft direct How they should build. Solomon, Israel&#x27;s king, Did mighty blessings bring, Which gave us cause to sing, Hail, royal art i t</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>The Jiodge is then closed with the usual solemnities in the different degrees, by the Grand Master and his officers. This is the usual ceremony observed by regular Masons at the constitution of a new Lodge, which the Grand Master may abridge or extend at pleasure but the material points are on no account to be omitted. The same ceremony and eharges attend every succeeding installation of new officers. 1</p>
<h2>THE THIRD SECTION.</h2>
<h2>CEREMONY OBSERVED AT LATINO THE FOUNDATION STONE</h2>
<h2>OF PUBLIC STRUCTURES.</h2>
<p class=''>This ceremony is conducted by the Grand Master and his officers, assistedby the members of the Grand Lodge, and such officers and members of private Lodges, as can conveniently attend. The chief magistrate, and other civil officers of the place where the building is to be erected, also generally attend on the occasion. At the time appointed, the Grand Lodge is convened in some suitable place, approved by the Grand Master. A band of martial music is provided, and the brethren appear in the insignia of the Order, and with white gloves and Aprons. The Lodge is opened by the Grand Master, and the rules for regulating the procession to and from the place where the ceremony is to be performed, are read by the Grand Secretary. The necessary cautions are then given from the Chair, and the Lodge is adjourned; after which the procession sets out in the following order:</p>
<h2>PROCESSION AT LAYING CORNER STONES.</h2>
<p class=''>Two Tylers, with Drawn Swords. Tyler of the oldest Lodge with Sword. Two Stewards of the oldest Lodge. Entered Apprentices. Fellow Crafts. Master Masons. Stewards. Junior Deacons. Senior Deacons. Officers re-elected to office without an intermission of time, need not be re-installed.</p>
<p class=''>S Secretaries. ^ Treasurers, g&quot; Past Wardens. * r~* Junior Wardens. Senior Wardens. Past Masters. Royal Arch Masons. Knights Templar. Masters. Music. Grand Tyler, with a Drawn Sword. Grand Stewards, with White Rods. A brother with a Golden Vessel containing Corn. Vro brethren, with Silver Vessels, one containing Wine, and the other Oil. Principal Architect, with Square, Level and Plumb. Grand Secretary and Treasurer. Bible, Square and Compass, carried by a Master of a Lodge, supported by two Stewards. Grand Chaplain. The Five Orders. Past Grand Wardens. Past Deputy Grand Masters. Past Grand Masters. Chief Magistrate of the place. Two Large Lights, borne by two Masters of Lodges. Grand Wardens. One Large Light, borne by a Master of a Lodge. Deputy Grand Master. Master of the oldest Lodge, bearing the Book of Constitutions, on a Velvet Cushion. Grand Deacons, with Black Rods, on a line seven feet apart Grand Master. Grand Sword Bearer, with a Drawn Sword. Two Stewards, with White Rods. A triumphal arch is usually erected at the place where the ceremony is to be performed. The procession passes through the arch, and the brethren repairing to their stands, the Grand Master and his officers take their places on a temporary platform, covered with carpet. An ode on Masonry is sung. The Grand Master commands silence, and the necessary preparations are made for laying the stone, on which is engraved the year of Masonry,, the name and titles of the Grand Master, etc., etc. The stone is raised up, by means of an engine erected for that purpose, and the Grand Chaplain or orator repeats a short prayer. The Grand Treasurer then, by the Grand</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>Master&#x27;s command, places under the stone Tarious sorts of coin and medals of the present age. Solemn music is introduced, and the stone let down into its place. The principal Architect then presents the working tools to the Grand Master, who applies the plumb, square and level to the stone, in their proper positions, and pronounces it to be &quot; well</p>
<h2>FORMED, TRUE AND TRUSTY.&quot;</h2>
<p class=''>The golden and silver vessels are next brought to the table, and delivered, the former to the Deputy Grand Master, and the latter to the Grand Wardens, who successively present them to the Grand Master and he, according to ancient ceremony, pours the corn, the wine and the oil which they contain, on the stone, saying, &quot; May the all-bounteous Author of Nature bless the inhabitants of this place with all the necessaries, conveniences and comforts of life; assist in the erection and completion of this building; protect the workmen against every accident, and long preserve this structure from decay; and grant to us all, in needed supply, the corn of nourishment, the wine of refreshment, and the OIL of joy.&quot; &quot; Amen &quot; ! so mote it be ! Amen ! He then strikes the stone thrice with the mallet, and the public honors of Masonry are given. The Grand Master then delivers over to the Architect the various implements of architecture, intrusting him with the superintendence and direction of the work; after which he re-ascends the platform, and an oration suitable to the occasion is delivered. Avoluntary collection is made for the workmen, and the sum collected is placed upon the stone by the Grand Treasurer. A song in honor of Masonry concludes the ceremony, after which the procession returns to the place whence it set out, and the Lodge is closed.</p>
<h2>THE FOURTH SECTION.</h2>
<p class=''>On the day appointed for the celebration of the ceremony f dedication, the Grand Master and his officers, accompanied by the members of the Grand Lodge, meet in a convenient room near the place where the ceremony is to be performed, and the Grand Lodge is opened in ample form in the first three degrees of Masonry. 2 The Master of the Lodge to which the hall to be dedicated belongs, being present, rises, and addresses the Grand Master, as follows: &quot;Most Worshipful: The brethren of Lodge, being animated with a desire of promoting the honor and interest of the Craft, have, at great pains and expense, erected a Masonic hall, for their convenience and accommodation. They are now desirous that the same should be examined by the M. W. Grand Lodge; and if it should meet their approbation, that it should be solemnly dedicated to Masonic purposes, agreeably to ancient form.&quot; The Grand Master then directs the Grand Secretary to read the order of procession, which is delivered over to the Grand Marshal and a general charge respecting propriety of behavior, is given by the Deputy Grand Master. A grand procession is then formed in the order laid down in the first section. The whole moves forward to the hall which is to be dedicated, and upon the arrival of the front of the procession at the door, they halt, open to the right and left, and face inward while the Grand Master, and others in succession, pass through and enter. The music continues while the procession marches three times round the hall. The Lodge is then placed in the center; and the Grand Master having taken the chair, under a canopy of state, the Grand officers, and the Masters and Wardens of the Lodges repair to the places previously prepared for their reception: J See Preston&#x27;s Illustrations, (U. M. L., vol. 3), for a detailed account of the dedication of a Masonic Hall, in England. Commencing with the lowest.</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>the throe lights, and the gold and silver pitchers, with corn, wine and oil, are plaoed round the Lodge, at the head of which stands the pedestal, with the Bible open, and the Square and Compass laid thereon, with the Constitution-roll, on a crimson velvet cushion. 1 Matters being thus disposed, an anthem is sung, and an exordium on Masonry given : after which, the Architect addresses the Grand Master, as follows: &quot; Most Worshipful Having been intrusted with the superintendence and management of the workmen employed in the construction of this edifice and having, according to the best of my ability, accomplished the task assigned me, I now return my thanks for the honor of this appointment, and beg leave to surrender up the implements which were committed to my care when the foundation of this fabric was laid; humbly hoping, that the exertions which have been made on this occasion, will be crowned with your approbation, and that of the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge.&quot; To which the Grand Master makes the following reply &quot; Brother Architect The skill and fidelity displayed in the execution of the trust reposed in you, at the commencement of this undertaking, have secured the entire approbation of the Grand Lodge; and they sincerely pray, that this edifice may continue a lasting monument of the taste, spirit, and liberality of its founders.&quot; An ode in honor of Masonry is sung, accompanied with instrumental music. The Deputy Grand Master then rises and says: &quot; Most Worshipful : - The hall in which we are now assembled, and the plan upon which it has been constructed, having met with your approbation, it is the desire of the fraternity that it should be now dedicated, according to ancient form and usage. Whereupon the Grand Master requests all to retire bu such as are Master Masons. A procession is then formed in the following order, viz.: For an appropriate Anthem, see Appendix.</p>
<p class=''>Grand Sword Bearer. A Past Master, with a Light. A Past Master, with Bible, Square, and Compass, on a Velvet Cushion. Two Past Masters, each with a Light. Grand Secretary and Treasurer, with Emblems. Grand Junior Warden, with Pitcher of Corn. Grand Senior Warden, with Pitcher of Wine. Deputy Grand Master, with Pitcher of Oil. Grand Master. Two Stewards Vith Rods. All the other brethren keep their places, and assist in performing an ode, which continues during the procession, excepting only at the intervals of dedication. The Lodge is uncovered, and the first procession being made round it, the Junior Grand Warden presents the pitcher of corn to the Grand Master, who pours it out upon the Lodge, at the same time pronouncing, &quot; In the name of the great Jehovah, to whom be all honor and glory, I do solemnly dedicate this hall to Masonry.&quot; The grand honors are given. 1 s The second procession is then made round the Lodge, and the Grand Senior Warden presents the pitcher of wine to the Grand Master, who sprinkles it upon the Lodge, at the same time, saying, &quot; In the name of the holy Saint John, I do solemnly dedicate this hall to Virtue.&quot; The grand honors are twice repeated. The third procession is then made round the Lodge, and the Deputy Grand Master presents the pitcher of oil to the Grand Master, who sprinkles it upon the Lodge, saying, &quot; In the name of the whole Fraternity, I do solemnly dedicate this hall to Universal Benevolence.&quot; The grand honors are thrice repeated. A solemn invocation is made to Heaven, by the Grand Chaplain, and an anthem sung; after which the Lodge is covered, and the Grand Master retires to his chair. An l The following is a description of the Public Grand Honors : The arms are crossed over the breast, the left&#x27; arm uppermost. The palms are then struck smartly together, over the head, the eyes glancing upward. Lastly, the hands are brought down, open, and struck upon the thighs (see Mackey&#x27;s Lexicon); thus the Grand Honors are given in full. This is to be repeated three times.</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER</h2>
<p class=''>oration is then delivered, and the ceremonies conclude with music. The Grand Lodge is then closed in ample form in the several degrees. 1 &quot;</p>
<h2>THE FIFTH SECTION.</h2>
<p class=''>the ceremony used at funerals, according to ancient custom; with the service used on the occasion. 2 No Mason can be interred with the formalities of the Order, unless it be by his own special request, communicated to the Master of the Lodge of which he died a member, foreigners and sojourners excepted; nor unless he has been advanced to the third degree of Masonry; and from this restriction i Commencing with the highest. The more frequent usage is, to close the three Lodges by a single order. The management of Masonic obsequies has been in the main So badly performed as to suggest some extra regulations here. The whole care of the Craft and the preliminary arrangements of the occasion must be under the charge of a Marshal chosen for his skill, experience, and manly bearing, who shall receive his orders from, and make his reports to, the Master alone. If more than fifty brethren are in the procession, a Deputy Marshal for every fifty must be appointed. Music should be procured when at all practicable, as without it the order of marching can not be perfectly performed. The Marshal and his Deputy march on the left of the procession, the former moving continually from the head to the rear of the line, for which purpose, if the attendance is numerous, he must be mounted. The rules of alignment, etc., are these 1. The files march six feet apart; 2. Right hand man in each file covers his file leader; 3. Left hand man in each file touches elbow on his right; 4. At the word March, every brother throws his left foot forward instantly 5. At the word Halt, all movements cease. A procession is a Lodge strictly under the discipline of the Lodgeroom. Therefore no brother can enter the procession, or leave it, without express permission from the Master, conveyed through the Marshal. Approach the grave from the East. When the Tyler arrives within ten paces thereof, the Marshal halts the procession, orders the files to separate, by side step, four paces, then face inward. The Marshal walks between the lines to the Master, and then conducts him as the head of the procession around the grave, leaving it on the right, the brethren closing in behind the Master and countermarching. The coffin is conveyed to the grave and laid upon trestles above it. The rest of the proceedings may be gathered from the pages above.</p>
<p class=''>there can be no exception. Fellow-crafts, or Apprentices, are not entitled to funeral obsequies, nor to attend the Masonic procession on such occasion. 1 The Master of a Lodge, having received notice of a Master Mason&#x27;s death, and of his request to be interred with the ceremonies of the Order, fixes the day and hour for the funeral, and issues his command to summon the Lodge. 3 He may invite as many Lodges as he thinks proper, and the members of those Lodges may accompany their omcers in form but the whole ceremony must be under the direction of the Master of the Lodge to which the deceased belonged, and he and his omcers must be duly honored, and cheerfully obeyed on the occasion. 3 But in case the deceased was not a member of either of the attending Lodges, the procession and ceremony must be under the direction of the Master of the oldest Lodge. All the Brethren who walk in procession should observe, as much as possible, an uniformity in their dress. Decent mourning, with white stockings, gloves, and aprons, is most suitable.</p>
<h2>THE FUNERAL SERVICE.</h2>
<p class=''>The Brethren being assembled at the Lodge-room (or some other convenient place), the presiding Master opens the Lodge, in the third degree, with the usual forms and having ; stated the purpose of the meeting, the service begins Master. &quot; What man is he that liveth, and shall not see death ? shall he deliver his soul from the hand of the grave ?&quot; Response. -&quot; Man walketh in a vain shadow he heapeth up riches, and can not tell who shall gather them.&quot; Master. &quot; When he Sieth, he shall carry nothing away j his glory shall not descend after him.&quot; Response. -&quot; Naked he came into the world, and naked he must return.&quot; This rule has been, until lately, shamefully violated in certain localities by the admission of Fellow-crafts, and even Entered Apprentices into the ranks. A custom prevails, in many Lodges, of keeping a &quot; Book of Memory ;&quot; in which those who desire Masonic honors after death, record their wishes. This is worthy of general adoption. Except when the Grand or Deputy Grand Master is present and exercises his authority. - Webb.</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>Master. &quot;The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away; blessed be the name of the Lord!&quot; The grand honors are then given, and certain forms used, which can not be here explained. The Master then, taking the sacred roll 1 in his hand, says, &quot; Let us die the death of the righteous, and let our last end be like his.&quot; The brethren answer, &quot; God is our God foreverand ever he will be our guide even unto death!&quot; The Master then records the name and age of the deceased upon the roll, and says, &quot;Almighty Father! into thy hands we commend the soul of our loving Brother.&quot; The Brethren answer three times (giving the grand honors each time), &quot; The will of God is accomplished Amen so mote it be.&quot; The Master then deposits the Roll in the archives, and repeats the following prayer : &quot; Most glorious God! author of all good, and giver of all mercy pour down thy blessings upon us, and strengthen our solemn engagements with the ties of sincere affection May the present instance of mortality remind us of our approaching fate, and draw our attention toward Thee, the only refuge in time of need that when the awful moment shall arrive, that we are about to quit this transitory scene, the enlivening prospect of Thy mercy may dispel the gloom of death and ; after our departure hence in peace and in Thy favor, we may be received into Thine everlasting kingdom, to enjoy, in union with the souls of our departed friends, the just reward of a pious and virtuous life. Amen&quot; A procession is then formed, which moves to the house of the deceased, and from thence to the place of interment. The different Lodges rank according to seniority, excepting that the Lodge, of which the deceased was a member, walks nearest the corpse. Each Lodge forms one division, and the following order is observed This is a sheet of parchment or paper, containing the natural age, and Masonic age and affiliation of the deceased.</p>
<h2>FIFTH SECTION. Ill</h2>
<h2>ORDER OF PROCESSION AT A FUNERAL. „ .</h2>
<p class=''>Tyler, with a Drawn Sword. Stewards, with White Rods. Musicians (if they are Masons, otherwise they follow the Tyler). Master Masons. Senior and Junior Deacons. Secretary and Treasurer. Senior and Junior Wardens. Past Masters. The Holy Writings, on a Cushion covered with Black Cloth, carried by the oldest member of the Lodge. The Master. Clergy. with the insignia B placed thereon, and two Swords crossed, Pall Bearers. Pall Bearers. The Brethren are not to desert their ranks, or change places, but keep in their different departments. When the procession arrives at the church-yard, the members of the Lodge form a circle round the grave, and the clergyman and officers of the acting Lodge taking their station at the head of the grave, and the mourners at the foot the service is resumed, and the following exhortation given : &quot; Here we view a striking instance of the uncertainty of life, and the vanity of all human pursuits. The last offices paid to the dead are only useful as lectures to the living : from them we are to derive instruction, and consider every solemnity of this kind as a summons to prepare for our approaching dissolution. &quot; Notwithstanding the various mementoes of mortality with which we daily meet notwithstanding death has established his empire over all the works of nature; yet, through some unaccountable infatuation, we forget that we are born to die. We go on from one design to another, add hope to hope, and</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>lay out plans for the employment of many years, till we are t suddenly alarmed with the approach of death when we least expect him, and at an hour which we probably conclude to be the meridian of our existence. &quot;What are all the externals of majesty, the pride of wealth, or charms of beauty, when nature has paid her just debt? Fix your eyes on the last scene, and view life stripped of her ornaments, and exposed in her natural meanness you will then be convinced of the futility of those empty delusions. In the grave, all fallacies are detected, all ranks are leveled, and all distinctions are done away. &quot; While we drop the sympathetic tear over the grave of our deceased friend, let charity incline us to throw a vail over his foibles, whatever they may have been, and not withhold from his memory the praise that his virtues may have claimed. Suffer the apologies of human nature to plead in his behalf. Perfection on earth has never been attained the wisest, as well as the best of men, have erred. &quot; Let the present example excite our most serious thoughts, and strengthen our resolutions of amendment. As life is uncertain, and all earthly pursuits are vain, let us no longer postpone the important concern of preparing for eternity, but embrace the happy moment, while time and opportunity offer, to provide against the great change, when all the pleasures of this world shall cease to delight, and the reflections of a virtuous life yield the only comfort and consolation. Thus our expectations will not be frustrated, nor we hurried, unprepared, into the presence of an all-wise and powerful Judge, to whom the secrets of all hearts are known. &quot;Let us, while in this state of existence, support, with propriety, the character of our profession, advert to the nature of our solemn ties, and pursue, with assiduity, the sacred tenets of our Order then, with becoming reverence, let us supplicate the Divine grace, to insure the favor of that eternal Being, whose goodness and power know no bound; that when the awful moment arrives, be it soon or late, we may be enabled to prosecute our journey, without dread or appreheneion, to that far distant country whence no traveler returns.&quot; The following invocations are then made by the Master: Master. May we be true and faithful, and may we live and die in love 1</p>
<p class=''>Answer. So mote it be. Master. May we profess what is good, and always act agreeably to our profession ! Answer. So mote it be. Master. May the Lord bless ns and prosper us, and may all our good intentions be crowned with success Answer. So mote it be. Master. Glory be to God on high on earth peace good will toward men ! Answer. So mote it be, now, from henceforth, and forevermore. The brethren then move in procession round the place of interment, and severally drop a sprig of evergreen into the grave, accompanied with the usual honors. The Master then concludes the ceremony at the grave, in the following words &quot; From time immemorial it has been a custom among the fraternity of Free and Accepted Masons, at the request of a Brother, to accompany the corpse to the place of interment and there to deposit his remains with the usual formalities. &quot; In conformity to this usage, and at the special request of our deceased Brother, whose memory we revere and whose loss we now deplore, we have assembled in the character of Masons to resign his body to the earth whence it came, and to offer up to his memory before the world, the last tribute of our affection, thereby demonstrating the sincerity of our past esteem and our steady attachment to the principles of the Order. &quot;The great Creator having been pleased, out of his mercy, to remove our Brother from the cares and troubles of a transitory existence to a state of eternal duration, and thereby to weaken the chain by which we are united, man to man, may we who survive him anticipate our approaching fate, and be more strongly cemented in the ties of union and friendship, that, during the short space allotted to our present existence, we may wisely and usefully employ our time, and, in the reciprocal intercourse of kind and friendly acts, mutually promote the welfare and happiness of each other. &quot; Unto the grave we resign the body of our deceased friend, there to remain until the ^general resurrection, in favorable expectation that his immortal soul may then par-</p>
<h2>PAST MASTER,</h2>
<p class=''>take of joys -which have been prepared for the righteous from the beginning of the world. And may Almighty God,, of his infinite goodness, at the grand tribunal of unbiased justice, extend his mercy toward him, and all of us, and 3rown our hope with everlasting bliss in the expanded ealms of a boundless eternity! This we beg for the honor of his name, to whom be glory now and forever. Amen.&quot; Thus the service ends, and the procession returns in form to the place whence it set out, where the necessary duties are complied with, and the business of Masonry is renewed. The insignia and ornaments of the deceased, if an officer of the Lodge, are returned to the Master with the usual ceremonies, after which the charges for regulating the conduct of the brethren are rehearsed, and the Lodge is closed in the third degree. 1 If the Past or Present Grand Master should join the procession of a private Lodge, or a Deputy Grand Master, or a Grand Warden, a proper attention is to be paid to them. They take place after the Master of the Lodge. Two Deacons with black rods, are appointed by the Master to attend a Grand Warden; and when the Grand Master is present, or Deputy Grand Master, the Book of Constitutions is borne before him, a Sword Bearer follows him, and the Deacons, with black rods, are placed on his right and left, at an angular distance of seven feet. Marshals are to walk, or ride, on the left, of the procession. On entering public buildings, the Bible, Square and Compass, Book of Constitutions, etc., are placed before the Grand Master. The Grand Marshal and Grand Deacons keep near him. - Webb.</p>
<h2>MOST EXCELLENT MASTER</h2>
</body></html>