<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>CHAPTER XIII. - OBSERVATIONS ON THE SEVENTH, OR DEGREE OF ROYAL ARCH MASON.</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head><body>
<h1>CHAPTER XIII. - OBSERVATIONS ON THE SEVENTH, OR DEGREE OF ROYAL ARCH MASON.</h1>
<p class='noindent'>This degree is indescribably more august, sublime, and important, than all which precede it; and it is the summit and perfection of ancient Masonry. It impresses on our minds a belief of the being and existence of a Supreme Deity, without beginning of days or end of years and reminds us of the reverence due to his holy name. This degree brings to light many essentials of the Craft,, which were for the space of four hundred and seventy years buried in darkness ; and without a knowledge of which the Masonic character can not be complete. 11 (121)</p>
<h2>ROYAL ARCH.</h2>
<p class=''>The following passage of Scripture is read at the opening : Now we command you, brethren, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which ye received of us. For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us, for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you. Neither did we eat any man&#x27;s bread for naught, but wrought with labor and travail night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of you. Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an ensamp!e unto you to follow us. For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat: For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly, working not at all, but are busybodies. Now them that are such, we command and exhort, that with quietness they work, and eat their own bread. But ye, brethren, be ye not weary in well-doing. And if any man obey not our word, note that man, and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed. Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother. Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always, by all means. The salutations of Paul, with mine own hand, which is the token: so I write. -2 Tkess. iii : 6-17.</p>
<h2>OBSERVATIONS ON THE SEVENTH LECTURE.</h2>
<p class=''>The lecture of this degree is divided into two sections, and should be well understood by every Royal Arch Mason. Upon an accurate acquaintance with it, will depend his usefulness, at our assemblies and without it, he will be unqualified to perform the duties of the various stations in which his services may be required by the Chapter. 1</p>
<h2>THE FIRST SECTION.</h2>
<p class=''>The first section opens to our view a large field for contemplation and study. It furnishes us with many interesting The officers of a Chapter, independent of the Tyler, are nine, viz. High Priest, King, Scribe, Captain of the Host, Principal Sojourner, Roval Arch Captain, Grand Master 3d Vail, Grand Master 2d Vail, Grand Master 1st Vail.</p>
<p class=''>particulars relative to the state of the fraternity, during and since the reign of King Solomon; and illustrates the causes and consequences of some very important events which occurred during his reign. This section explains the mode of government in this class of Masons; it designates the appellation, number, and situation, of the several officers; and points out the purposes and duties of their respective stations.</p>
<h2>THE SECOND SECTION.</h2>
<p class=''>This section contains much valuable historical information, and proves, beyond the power of contradiction, and in thv most striking colors, that prosperity and happiness are ever the ultimate consequences of virtue and justice, while disgrace and ruin invariably follow the practices of vice and immorality. A proper arrangement of the following charges, etc., is essentially necessary to be observed in every Chapter; and their application should be familiar to every Royal Arch Mason. I will bring the blind by a way that they knew not; I will</p>
<h2>1*, 4 ROYAL ARCH.</h2>
<p class=''>lead them in paths that they have not known; I will maka darkness light before them, and crooked things straight: These things will I do unto them, and will not forsake them. - Isaiah, xlii.. 16.</p>
<h2>PRATER REHEARSED DURING THE CEREMONY OF EXALTATION</h2>
<h2>TO THE DEGREE OF ROYAL ARCH MASON.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot;Supreme Architect of Universal Nature, who, by thine almighty word, didst speak into being the stupendous Arch of Heaven, and for the instruction and pleasure of thy rational creatures, didst adorn us with greater and lesser lights; thereby magnifying Thy power, and endearing Thy goodness unto the sons of men we humbly adore and worship thine unspeakable perfection. We bless Thee that when man had fallen from his innocence and his happiness, Thou didst still leave unto him the powers of reasoning, and capacity of improvement and of pleasure. We thank Thee that amid the pains and calamities of our present state, so many means of refreshment and satisfaction are reserved unto us, while traveling the rugged path of life. Especially would we at this time render Thee our thanksgiving and praise for the institution, as members of which we are at this time assembled, and for all the pleasures we have derived from it. We thank Thee that the few here assembled before Thee, have been favored with new inducements, and laid under new and stronger obligations, to virtue and holiness. May these obligations, blessed Father, have their full effect upon us. Teach us, we pray Thee, the true reverence of Thy great, mighty and terrible name. Inspire us with a firm and unshaken resolution in our virtuous pursuits. Give us grace diligently to search Thy word in the Book of Nature, wherein the duties of our high vocation are inculcated with divine authority. May the solemnity of the ceremonies of our institution be duly impressed on our minds, and have a lasting and happy effect upon our lives. Thou, who didst aforetime appear unto Thy servant Moses in a flame of fire out of the midst of a. bush, enkindle, we beseech Thee, in each of our hearts, a flame of devotion to Thee, of love to each other, and of charity to us all mankind. May all Thy miracles and mighty works fill us with the dread, and Thy goodness impress ua with the love of Thy holy name. May holiness to the Lord</p>
<p class=''>be engraven on all our thoughts, words and actions. May the incense of piety ascend continually unto Thee from the altar of our hearts, and burn, day and night, as a sacrifice of a sweet-smelling savor, well-pleasing unto Thee. And since sin has destroyed within us the first temple of purity and innocence, may Thy heavenly grace guide and assist us in rebuilding a second Temple of reformation, and may the glory of this latter house be greater than the glory of the former. Amen.&quot; Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father-in-law, the priest of Midian; and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed. And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burned. And when the Lord saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses !And he said, Here am I. And he said, Draw not nigh hither put off thy shoes from thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground. Moreover he said, I am the God of thy father;</p>
<h2>ROYAL ARCH.</h2>
<p class=''>the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. Exodus iii : 1-6. Zedekiah was one-and-twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord his God, and humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet, speaking from the mouth of the Lord. And he also rebelled against King Nebuchadnezzar, and stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart from turning unto the Lord God of Israel. Moreover, all the chiefs of the priests and the people transgressed very much, after all the abominations of the heathen, and polluted the house of the Lord, which he had hallowed in Jerusalem. And the Lord God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers; because he had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling-place. But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the Lord arose against his people, till there was no remedy. Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldees, who slew their young men with the sword, in the house of their sanctuary, and had no compassion upon young men or maiden, old men, or him that stooped for age he gave them all into his hand. ; And all the vessels of the house of God, great and small, and treasures of the house of the Lord, and the treasures of the king, and of his princes; all these he brought to Babylon. And they burnt the house of God, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof. And them that had escaped from the sword, carried he away to Babylon where they were servants to him and his sons, until the reign of the kingdom of Persia.- 2 Chron.xxxvi: 11-20.</p>
<p class=''>Now, in the first year of Cyrus, king of Persia, the Lord stirred up the spirit of Cyrus,king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying, Thus saith Cyrus, king of Persia, The Lord God of Heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem which is in Judah.</p>
<h2>PROCLAMATION OF CYRUS.</h2>
<h2>WHO IS THERE AMONG YOU OF ALL HIS</h2>
<h2>PEOPLE? HIS GOD BE WITH HIM, AND LET HIM</h2>
<h2>GO UP TO JERUSALEM, WHICH IS IN JUDAH,</h2>
<h2>AND BUILD THE HOUSE OF THE LORD GOD OF</h2>
<h2>ISRAEL. HE IS THE GOD WHICH IS IN JERU-</h2>
<p class=''>SALEM.- Ezra i : 1-3. fta» And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you; and they shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto them ?</p>
<h2>ROYAL ARCH.</h2>
<p class=''>And God said unto Moses I am that I am: And thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I am hath sent me unto you. Exodus iii 13, 14. : Lord, I cry unto Thee make haste unto me give ear unto my voice. Let my prayer be set forth before Thee as incense, and the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice. Set a watch, Lord, before my mouth keep the door ; of my lips. Incline not my heart to any evil thing, to practice wicked works with men that work iniquity. Let the righteous smite me, it shall be a kindness and let him re- ; prove me, it shall be an excellent oil. Mine eyes are unto Thee, God the Lord in Thee is my trust leave not my soul destitute. Keep me from the snares which they have laid for me, and the gins of the workers of iniquity. Let the wicked fall into their own nets, whilst that I withal escape. Psalm cxli. I cried unto the Lord with my voice with my voice unto ; the Lord did I make my supplication. I poured out my complaint before him :I snowed before him my trouble. When my spirit was overwhelmed within me, then Thou knewestmy path in the way wherein I walked have they privily laid a snare for me. I looked on my right hand, and beheld, but there was no man that would know me; refuge failed me no : man cared for my soul. I cried unto Thee, O Lord I said, ; Thou art my refuge, and my portion in the land of the living. Attend unto my cry for I am brought very low deliver me from my persecutors for they are stronger than I. Bring my soul out of darkness, that I may praise Thy name. Psalm cxlii. Hear my prayer, Lord ; give ear to my supplications in Thy faithfulness answer me, and in Thy righteousness. And enter not into judgment with Thy servant for in Thy : sight shall no man living be justified. For the enemy hath persecuted my soulj he hath smitten my life down to the ground he hath made me to dwell in darkness. Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me my heart within me is desolate. Hear me speedily, Lord my spirit faileth hide ; : not Thy face from me, lest I be like unto them that go down into the pit. Cause me to hear Thy loving-kindness in the morning for in Thee do I trust: cause me to know the way wherein I should walk for I lift my soul unto Thee. Teach me to do Thy will ; for Thou art my God bring my soul out :</p>
<p class=''>of trouble, and of Thy mercy cut off mitie enemies, for I am Thy servant. Psalm cxliii. And Moses answered and said, But, behold ! they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice : for they will say, The Lord hath not appeared unto thee. And the Lord said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod. And he said, Cast it on the ground ;and he cast it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from before it. And the Lord said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand. That they may believe that the Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared unto thee. And the Lord said furthermore unto him, Put now thine hand into thy bosom and he put his hand into his bosom and when he took it out, behold, his hand was leprous as snow. And He said, Put thine hand into thy bosom again : and he put his hand into his bosom again, and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh. And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign. And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe also these two signs, neither hearken unto thy voice, that thou shalt take of the water of the river, and pour it upon the dry land and the water which thou takest out of the river shall become blood upon the dry land. Exodus iv 1-10.: In the seventh month, in the one-and-twentieth day of the month, came the word of the Lord by the prophet Haggai, saying, Speak now to Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and to the residue of the people, saying, Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? and how do ye see it now? is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing? Yet now be strong, Zerubbabel, and be strong, Joshua, son of Josedech the high priest, and be strong, all ye people of the land, and work for I am with you, according to the word which I covenanted with you when ye came out of Egypt, so my spirit remaineth among you: fear ye not. For thus saith the Lord of hosts, Yet once, it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens, and the</p>
<h2>ROYAL ARCH.</h2>
<p class=''>earth, and the sea, and the dry land: and I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come, and I will fill this ho&#x27;use with glory. The silver is mine, and the gold is mine. The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former,, and in this place will I give peace. In that day will I take thee, Zerubbabel, my servant, the son of Shealtiel, saith the Lord, and will make thee as a signet: for I have chosen thee. Haggai ii: 1-9, 23.</p>
<p class=''>This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might nor power, but by my spirit. Who art thou, great mountain ? before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain, and he shall bring forth the head-stone thereof with shouting, crying Grace, grace, unto it. Moreover, the word of the Lord came unto me saying, The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house, his hands shall also finish it; and thou shalt know that the Lord of Hosts hath sent me unto you. For who hath despised the day of small things? for they shall rejoice, and shall see the plummet in the hands of Zerubbabel with those seven. Zechariah iv 6-10. In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. In him was life, and the life was the light of men. And the light shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehendeth it not. John And it came to pass when Moses had made an end of writing the words of this law in a book, until they were finished, that Moses commanded the Levites which bare the ark of the covenant of the Lord, saying, Take this book of the law, and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of the Lord your God, that it may be there for a witness against thee. Deuteronomy xxxi 24-26. And thou shalt put the Mercy Seat above, upon the ark; and in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee. Exodus xxv 21 And Moses said, This is the thing which the Lord commandeth, Fill an omer of the manna, to be kept for your generations: that they may see the bread wherewith I have fed you in the wilderness, when I brought you forth from the land of Egypt. And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the Lord, to be kept for your generations. As the Lord commanded Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the testimony to be kept. Exodus xvi 32-34. And the Lord said unto Moses, Bring Aaron&#x27;s rod again before the testimony, to be kept for a token. Numbers xvii: 10. For there was a tabernacle made; the first wherein was the candlestick, and the table, and the showbread; which is</p>
<h2>ROYAL ARCH.</h2>
<p class=''>called The Sanctuary. And after the vails, the tabernacle, which is called The Holiest of all; which had a golden censer, and the ark of the covenant overlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden pot that had manna, and Aaron&#x27;s rod that budded, and the tables of the covenant; and over it the cherubims of glory, shadowing the mercyseat of which we can not now speak particularly. ; Hebrews ix 2-5. In that day will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen, and close up the breaches thereof, and I will raise up his ruins, and I will build it as in the days of old. Amos ix: 11.</p>
<p class=''>And God spake unto Moses, and said unto him, I am the Lord And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, ancl unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name Jehovah was I not known to them. Exodus vi: 2, 3. The following particulars, relative to King Solomon&#x27;s Temple, may with propriety be here introduced, and can not be uninteresting to a Royal Arch Mason : This famous fabric was situated on Mount Moriah, near the place where Abraham was about to offer up his son Isaac, and where David met and appeased the destroying angel. It was begun in the fourth year of the reign of Solomon ; the third after the death of David ; four hundred and eighty years after the passage of the Red Sea, and on the second day of the Month Zif, being the second month of the sacred year, which answers to the twenty-first of April, in the year of the world 2992, and was carried on with such prodigious speed, that it was finished, in all its parts, in little more than seven years. By the Masonic art, and the wise regulations of Solomon, every part of the building, whether of stone, brick, timber or metal, was wrought and prepared before it was brought to Jerusalem so that the only tools made use of in erecting the fabric were wooden instruments prepared for that purpose. The noise of the ax, the hammer, and every other tool of metal, was confined to the forests of Lebanon, where the timber was procured, and to Mount Libanus, and the plains and quarries of Zeredatha, where the stones were raised, squared, marked and numbered that nothing might be heard among the Masons at Jerusalem, but harmony and peace. In the year of the world 3029, King Solomon died, and was succeeded by his son Rehoboam, who, immediately after the death of his father, went down to Shechem, where the chiefs of the people were met together to proclaim him king. * When Jeroboam, the son of Nebat, who was in Egypt, whither he had fled from the presence of Solomon, and whose ambition had long aspired to the throne, heard of the death of the king, he hastened to return from Egypt, to put himself at the head of the discontented tribes, and lead them on to rebellion. He accordingly assembled them together, and came to King Rehoboam, and spake to him after this manner;</p>
<h2>ROYAL ARCH.</h2>
<p class=''>Thy father made our yoke grievous; now, therefore, ease thou somewhat the grievous servitude of thy father, and his heavy yoke that he put upon us, and we will serve thee. And he said unto them, Come again unto me after three days. And the people departed. And King Rehoboam took counsel with the old men that had stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, saying, What counsel give ye me, to return answer to this people? And they spake unto him, saying, If thou be kind to this people, and please them, and speak good words to them, they will be thy servants forever. But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood before him. And he said unto them, What advice give ye, that we may return answer to this people, which have spoken to me, saying, Ease somewhat the yoke that thy father did put upon us ? And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou answer the people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but make thou it somewhat lighter for us thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father&#x27;s loins. For, whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions. So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day. And the king answered them roughly and King Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men ; and answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add thereto; my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions. And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, Israel and now, David, see to thine own house. So all Israel went to their tents. 2 Chron. x. But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah and Benjamin, Rehoboam reigned over them. In this manner were the tribes of Israel divided, and under two distinct governments, for two hundred and .fifty-four years, when the ten revolted tribes, having become weak and degenerated, by following the wickedness and idolatry of the</p>
<p class=''>kings who governed them, fell a prey to Salmanezer, king of Assyria, who in the reign of Hoshea, king of Israel, besieged the city of Samaria, laid their country waste, and utterly extirpated their government. Such was the wretched fate of a people who disdained subjection to the laws of the house of David, and whose impiety and effeminacy ended in their destruction. After a series of changes and events, of which an account may be found in the history of the Temple, Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, with his forces, took possession of Jerusalem, and having made captive Jehoiachim, the king of Jiidah, elevated his uncle Zedekiah to the throne, after binding him by a solemn oath, neither to make innovations in the government, nor to take part with the Egyptians in their wars against Babylon. At the end of eight years Zedekiah violated his oath to Nebuchadnezzar, by forming a treaty offensive and defensive with the Egyptians; thinking that jointly they could subdue the king of Babylon. Nebuchadnezzar immediately marched and ravaged Zedekiah&#x27;s country, seized his castle and fortress, and proceeded to the siege of Jerusalem. Pharaoh, learning how Zedekiah was pressed, advanced to his relief, with a view of raising the siege. Nebuchadnezzar, having intimation thereof, would not wait his approach, but proceeded to give him battle, and, in one contest, drove him out of Syria. This circumstance suspended the siege. In the ninth year of Zedekiah&#x27;s reign, the king of Babylon again besieged Jerusalem, with a large army, and for a year and a half exerted all his strength to conquer it, but the city did not yield, though enfeebled by famine. and pestilence. In the eleventh year, the siege went on vigorously the ; Babylonians completed their works, having raised towers all round the city, so as to drive the invaded party from its walls. The place, though a prey to plague and famine, was obstinately defended during the space of a year and a half. But at length, want of provisions and forces compelled its surrender, and it was accordingly delivered, at midnight, to the officers of Nebuchadnezzar. Zedekiah, seeing the troops enter the Temple, absconded by a narrow pass to the desert, with his officers and friends; but advice of his escape being given to the Babylonians, they pursued them early in the morning, and surrounded them</p>
<h2>ROYAL ARCH.</h2>
<p class=''>near Jericho, where they were bound, and carried before the king, who ordered his wives and children to be put to death in his sight; and then ordered Zedekiah&#x27;s eyes to be put out, and himself conducted in chains to Babylon. After this victory, Nebuchadnezzar dispatched his principal officer, Nebuzaradan, to Jerusalem, to ransack and burn both palace and Temple, to raze the city to the ground, and conduct the captive inhabitants to Babylon; this order he accordingly executed. Among the captives, were the following persons of eminence: Seraiah, the High Priest; Zephaniah, next in rank; the secretary to the king; three principal keepers of the Temple seven of the king&#x27;s chosen friends, and other persons of distinction. In the seventieth year of the captivity of the Jews, and the first of the reign of Cyrus, king of Persia, he issued his famous edict, purporting that the God adored by the Israelites was the eternal Being through whose bounty he enjoyed the regal dignity, and that he had found himself honorably mentioned by the prophets of ancient date, as the person who sbould cause Jerusalem to be rebuilt, and restore the Hebrews to their former state of grandeur and independency; he, therefore, gave orders for the release of the captives, with his permission to return to their own native country, to rebuild the city, and the house of the Lord. The principal people of the tribes of Judah and Benjamin, with the priests and Levites, immediately departed for Jerusalem, and commenced the undertaking; but many of the Jews determined to remain in Babylon rather than relinquish the possessions they had obtained in that city.</p>
<h2>CHARGE TO A NEWLY EXALTED COMPANION.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot; Worthy Companion: - By the consent and assistance of the members of this Chapter, you are now exalted to the sublime&#x27; and honorable degree of a Royal Arch Mason. ** Having attained this degree, you have arrived at the summit and perfection of ancient Masonry; and are consequently entitled to a full explanation of the mysteries of the Order. &quot; The rites and mysteries developed in this degree have been handed down through a chosen few, unchanged by time, and uncontrolled by prejudice; and we expect and trust,</p>
<p class=''>they will be regarded by you with the same veneration, and transmitted with the same scrupulous purity to your successors. &quot; No one can reflect on the ceremonies of gaining admission into this place, without being forcibly struck with the important lessons which they teach. &quot; Here we are necessarily led to contemplate with gratitude and admiration the sacred source from whence all earthly comforts flow; here we find additional inducements to continue steadfast and immovable in the discharge of our respective duties; and here we are bound, by the most solemn ties, to promote each other&#x27;s welfare, and correct each other&#x27;s failings, by advice, admonition, and reproof. &quot; As it is our most earnest desire, and a duty we owe to our Companions of this Order, that the admission of every candidate into this Chapter should be attended by the approbation of the most scrutinizing eye, we hope always to possess the satisfaction of finding none among us, but such as will promote to the utmost of their power the great end of our institution. By paying due attention to this determination, we expect you will never recommend any candidate to this Chapter, whose abilities and knowledge of the foregoing degrees, you can not freely vouch for, and whom you do not firmly and confidently believe, will fully conform to the principles of our Order, and fulfill the obligations of a Royal Arch Mason. While such are our members, we may expect to be united in one object, without lukewarmness, inattention or neglect; and that zeal, fidelity, and affection, will be the distinguishing characteristics of our society, and that satisfaction, harmony, and peace be enjoyed at our meetings, which no other society can afford.&quot;</p>
<h2>CLOSING.</h2>
<p class=''>The Chapter is closed with solemn ceremonies and the ; following prayer is rehearsed, by the Most Excellent High Priest. &quot; By the Wisdom of the Supreme High Priest may we be directed, his Strength may we be enabled, and by the by Beauty of virtue may we be incited, to perform the obligations here enjoined on us; to keep inviolably the mysteries</p>
<h2>ROYAL ARCH.</h2>
<p class=''>here unfolded to us ; and invariably to practice all thos duties out of the Chapter, which are inculcated in it.&quot; Response: So mote it be. Amen. After these observations little more can be wanted to encourage the zealous Mason to persevere in his researches. Whoever has traced the Art in regular progression from the commencement of the first to the conclusion of the seventh degree, according to the plan here laid down, will have amassed an ample store of useful learning; and must reflect with pleasure on the good effects of his past diligence and attention; while, by applying the whole to the general advantage of society, he will observe method in the proper distribution of what he has acquired, secure to himself the veneration of Masons, and the approbation of all good men.</p>
<h2>THE ORDER</h2>
<h2>HIGH PRIESTHOOD.</h2>
<p class=''>This Order, when conferred with solemn ceremony, as in Ohio and Kentucky, is truly grand and imposing ; but, in general, it is only communicated in a convocation of three or more Past High Priests, and with but little ceremony. This is in accordance with a common practice in the Ancient and Accepted Rite, from which the Order was chiefly borrowed. The officers of a Council, independent of the Tyler, are, President, Vice President, Chaplain, Treasurer, Recorder t Master of Ceremonies, Conductor, Herald, and Steward.</p>
<h2>HIGH PRIESTHOOD,</h2>
</body></html>