<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>CHAPTER XX. - KNIGHTS OF MALTA</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head><body>
<h1>CHAPTER XX. - KNIGHTS OF MALTA</h1>
<p class='noindent'>The following passages of Scripture are occasionally rehearsed in encampments of Knights of Malta. And when they were escaped, then they knew that the island was called Melita, And the barbarous people showed us no little kindness; for they kindled a fire, and received us every one, because of the present rain, and because of the cold. And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand. And when the barbarians. saw the venomous beast hang on his hand, they said among themselves, No doubt this man is a murderer, whom, though he hath escaped the sea, yet vengeance suffereth not to live. And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm. Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen, or fallen down dead suddenly; but after they had looked a great while, and saw no harm come to him, they changed their minds, and said that he was a god. Acts xxviii: 1-6. And Pilate wrote a title, and put it on the cross. And the writing was, JESUS OF NAZARETH, THE KIN£ OF THE JEWS.- St. John xix: 19. But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came. The other disciples, therefore, said unto him, We have seen the Lord. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe. And after eight days, again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them. Then came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and</p>
<h2>19*2 KNIGHTS OF MALTA.</h2>
<p class=''>said, Peace be unto you. Then said he to Thomas, &quot;Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands and reach hither ; thy hand, and thrust it into my side; and be not faithless, but believing. And Thomas answered and said unto him, My Lord and my God. John xx : 24-28.</p>
<h2>CHARGE TO A NEWLY CREATED SIR KNIGHT TEMPLAR AND</h2>
<p class=''>Sir Knight: Having passed through the several degrees and honorary distinctions of our ancient and honorable institution in your admission to the tesselated Masonic ground floor your ascent into the middle chamber your entrance to the unlinished sanctum sanctorum your regularly passing the several gates of the temple - induction to the oriental chair, witnessing the completion and dedication of that superb model of excellence,- the Temple, which has immortalized the names of our ancient Grand Masters, and the justly celebrated craftsmen Having wrought in the ruins of the first Temple, and from its sacred Royal Arch brought to light incalculable treasures and advantages to the Craft Having duly studied into the way and manner of their concealment; also having been engaged in the hazardous enterprise of traversing an enemy&#x27;s dominions, and there convincing a foreign prince that truth is great and will prevail therefore you are now admitted to a participation of those labors which are to effect the erection of a Temple more glorious than the first, even that beauteous Temple of Holiness and Innocence, whose pillars are Charity, Mercy and Justice, the foundation of which is in the breast of every one, who has tasted that the Lord is gracious to whom coming as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God and precious, even that hope which is an anchor to the soul both sure and steadfast, that demonstrates the existence of the soul, and animates us with the certainty of a glorious immortality. And now, Sir Knight, we bid you welcome to all those rights and privileges, even to that disinterested friendship, and unbounded hospitality which ever has, and we hope and trust ever will continue to adorn, distinguish, and characterize this noble Order. This charge is from a later author ; there was none in the Monitor. It is taken from Cross.</p>
<p class=''>It will henceforth become your duty as well as inclination, to assist, protect, and befriend, the weary way-worn traveler, who finds the hights of fortune inaccessible, and the thorny paths of life broken, adverse, and forlorn; to succor, defend, and protect innocence, the distressed, and helpless, ever standing forth as a champion to espouse the cause of the Christian Religion. You are to inculcate, enforce, and practice virtue; and amid all the temptations which surround you, never to be drawn aside from the path of duty, or forgetful of those due guards and passwords which are necessary to be had in perpetual remembrance; and while one hand is wielding the sure defense for your Companion in danger, let the other grasp the mystic Trowel, and widely diffuse the genuine cement of Brotherly Love and Friendship. Should calumny assail the character of a Brother Sir Knight, recollect that you are to step forth and vindicate his good name, and assist him on all necessary occasions. Should assailants ever attempt your honor, interest, or happiness, remember, also, at the same time, you have the counsel and support of your Brethren, whose mystic swords, combining the virtues of Faith, Hope, and Charity, with Justice, Fortitude and Mercy, will leap from their scabbards in defense of your just rights, and insure you a glorious triumph over all your enemies. On this occasion permit me, Sir Knight, to remind you of our mutual engagements, our reciprocal ties; for whatever may be your situation or rank in life, on close examination, you will find those in similar stations, who have dignified themselves and been useful to mankind. Whether, therefore, you are placed upon the highest pinnacle of worldly grandeur, and distinctly seen to glitter from afar; or glide more securely in the humble vale of obscurity, unnoticed save by a few; it matters not, for a few rolling suns will close the scene, when naught but holiness will serve as a sure password to gain admission into that Rest prepared from the foundation of the world. You are therefore called upon to discharge all your duties with fidelity and patience, whether in the field, in the Senate, on the Bench, at the Bar, or at the Holy Altar. If you see a Brother bending under the cross of adversity and disappointment, look not idly on, neither pass by on the other side, but fly to his relief. If he be deceived, tell him</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS OF MALTA.</h2>
<p class=''>the Truth; if lie be calumniated* vindicate his cause; for, although in some instances, he may have erred, still recollect that indiscretion in him should never destroy humanity in you. Finally, Sir Knights, as memento mori is deeply engraved on all sublunary enjoyments, let us ever be found in the habiliments of righteousness, traversing the straight path of rectitude, virtue, and true holiness; so that having discharged our duty here below, performed the pilgrimage of life, burst the bands of mortality, passed over the Jordan of death, and safely landed on the broad shore of eternity there, in the presence of myriads of attending angels, we may be greeted as brethren, and received into the widely-extended arms of the blessed Immanuel, and forever made to participate in his Heavenly Kingdom. 1 There is no form of constituting Encampments and installing officerg in the Monitor, and we can not use those in other authors without a violation of copyright.</p>
<h2>CATALOGUE</h2>
<p class=''>OF</p>
<h2>JOHN SHERER&#x27;S MASONIC PUBLICATIONS.</h2>
<h2>1 .- SHEBEE&#x27;S MASONIC OAEPETS.</h2>
<p class=''>These are of three styles. The first is a Master&#x27;s Carpet, 6 by 6J feet, finished in map style, molding at top with roller at bottom, presenting the emblems of the three degrees in rich colors. The second style is by 4 feet, finished in a similar manner, containing all the emblems of the three degrees, arranged in three departments - one department being devoted to the emblems of E. A., one to those of F. C, and one to those of M. M. The third style presents the emblems of the Lodge, Chapter, and Council degrees, arranged in departments - one being devoted to the representation of the emblems of each body. This latter style is mapped like the others, and of the largest size. Official recommendations of the highest character have been given in favor of these Carpets by the Grand Lodges and Grand Chapters of seven Southern and five Western States; while letters of recommendation, too numerous to recapitulate, from leading brethren in other States, attest the uniform satisfaction these works have afforded to the brethren and officers of the lodges wherever they are in use. The price of either style is $20.</p>
<h2>Z MASONIC PUBLICATIONS. ?</h2>
<h2>2 -SHEEEE&#x27;S NEW FELLOW-CEAFT CHAET</h2>
<p class=''>In furnishing a lodge-room, the principal expense heretofore necessary to incur has been the pillars J. and B., and in most of our country lodge-rooms they are, from the extreme cost of providing them of a character and form to correspond with the biblical description of them, oftener absent than present. To remedy this has been the object of the invention of the New Fellow-Craft Chart. Upon either side of this Chart are represented, six feet high and of suitable proportions, the pillars of the Porch, drawn and painted in a manner at once artistic and correct. So faithfully are these pillars represented from the description of them to be found in Holy Writ, that to produce copies of them in any material upon which they might be carved would cost not less than $300. The artist has evidently studied their description with an abiding sense of their beauty; for in his display of the chapiters, and portrayal of their net-work, lily-work, and pomegranates, as also their surmounting globes and supporting capitals, shafts and pedestals, those columns are at once the most faithful rendering of the original record and most beautiful evidence of artistic genius and arrangement of them ever yet beheld. Between those pillars is portrayed an outer view of the middle chamber upon a scale so large that the three human figures introduced, although well advanced in the perspective, are ten inches high and of suitable proportions. This view of the M. C. occupies the full space between the pillars a space about three feet wide by six feet high. Kising from the immediate foreground appear the three steps indicative of the threo stages of human life, each riser of which bears upon its</p>
<p class=''>front one of the working-tools of a F. C. The broad tread of the uppermost lapped by the lowest of the is succeeding five steps, surmounted by the other four in proper perspective, each bearing upon its riser, in plain lettering, the name of its appropriate sense and order of architecture; while, in their turn, those are surmounted by the seven steps, each bearing upon its riser thename of that science of which it is indicative. Upon the highest, or fifteenth step, stands the S. D. and the newly-made F. C, the former in the act of addressing the J. &quot;W., while in the gable of the porch, immediately above the head of that ofiicer, is figured, as if carved in the face of the solid stone, the scene at the ford, to which reference is about to be made in the colloquy which follows. So beautifully rendered is every thing represented upon this Chart, and so large and consequently attractive is the scale upon which it is drawn, that the mind of the candidate must be riveted upon this work as upon a beautiful painting which is being explained to him; while the assistance it affords to the S. D. in aiding his memory to master the lengthy and intricate explanations of the emblems represented, is such that it must be once experienced before it can by that ofiicer be appreciated. The price of this work is $20. It is finished in map form, with molding at the top and roller at the bottom. In use it should be suspended from some style of suitable support. For the use of such lodges as are already provided with pillars, the center portion of this work is mapped by itself and exclusive of the views of the pillars, and sold at $15. For such lodges as can not afford to buy the complete work, the pillars alone are mapped singly. They can</p>
<h2>MASONIC PUBLICATIONS.</h2>
<p class=''>be hung upon triangular board upright stands of suitable height, and convey to the eye of the candidate a much more vivid idea of the original than wooden pillars of three times their cost. They are sold at $15 for the two.</p>
<h2>3 -THE ELOOE CLOTH;</h2>
<p class=''>Or, Carpet of the Middle Chamber. This work is painted in oil-colors upon canvas, and is divided into three parts. It is intended to be placed flat upon the floor of the lodge-room, and walked over by the S. D. and newly-obligated F. C, while the former is explaining the second section of that degree to the latter. The price of this work varies from $30 to $40, and to $50, according to the labor expended in its production.</p>
<h2>4 -SHEEEE&#x27;S MASONIC! TEACING-BOAED.</h2>
<p class=''>This is a collection of the emblems of the three degrees of the Lodge, bound in a volume each degree occupying one plate or page, 20 by 26 inches. These plates are printed from the finest lithographic drawings, in colors, and upon the best plate-paper. The correctness of their symbolism has been vouched for by a large number of the most intelligent of our brethren. The magnificent engravings, &quot;Jerusalem as besieged by Titus,&quot; and &quot;King Solomon&#x27;s Temple,&quot; form appropriate front and after -pieces to the emblems of the degrees. The price of this work, which can be used by the W. M. more readily than the large carpet, is $20.</p>
<h2>5.-SHERER&#x27;S MASONIC DEGREE BOOK</h2>
<p class=''>Of Ancient Craft Masonry. - This is a volume of sixteen plates, each 18 by 22 inches, to which are added, as the front and after-pieces, &quot;Jerusalem as besieged by Titus,&quot; and &quot;King Solomon&#x27;s Temple.&quot; The whole, strongly and handsomely bound, is inclosed for safe keeping in a neat walnut case, made especially for it, with lock and key. This is the most satisfactory work that a lodge can purchase for the use of its Master, in exemplifying the different degrees, as the emblems are arranged as they occur, in sections, one full page being devoted to the. emblems of each section. The plates are brilliantly colored, and in this manner they are rendered very conspicuous, while the mind of the candidate is not confused with the endeavor to grasp a knowledge of that which does not immediately appertain to the subject under explanation. The price of this work is $25, including the box which contains it, and in which it may be carefully and cleanly kept when not in use. A suitable walnut stand, upon which it should rest while in use, can be furnished with it for 14.50 additional.</p>
<h2>6. -THE MASONIC LADDER;</h2>
<p class=''>Or, the Nine Steps to Ancient Freemasonry; being a practical exhibit in prose and verse of the moral precepts, scriptural instructions, traditions and allegories of the degrees of the Lodge, Chapter, and Council. This is quite a new book, and affords great satisfaction to the initiated reader. It is a volume of 268 pp., and put at the low price of $1.50. It should be in the hands of every brother, calculated as it is to refresh his memorv and keen him bright in the work and lectures.</p>
<h2>MASONIC PUBLICATIONS.</h2>
<h2>7. -GEMS OF MASONRY.</h2>
<p class=''>This is an illustrated volume of some 64 pages, containing historical and scriptural references to the emblems of the first seven degrees. By its aid any brother can take a keen interest in recalling to memory what he has seen in the work of those degrees, and the W. M. is enabled to store his mind with refreshing knowledge suitable and indeed necessary for his office. The price is but $1, post-paid to any part of the U. S. or Canada.</p>
<h2>8. -WEBB&#x27;S FREEMASON&#x27;S MONITOR.</h2>
<p class=''>This book is an exact copy of the edition of 1816, as to language, with the improvements of illustration and notes necessary to make it a useful book at the present day. Being the oldest Monitor in America, &quot;Webb&#x27;s work has been the parent and fount of information from whence has been derived all the Masonic handbooks in the United States. Price $1.</p>
<h2>9. -VIEW OF JERUSALEM AS BESIEGED BY TITUS.</h2>
<p class=''>This is a magnificent chromo-lithograph, printed in the best style of the art. It has been pronounced a most remarkable work, and one upon which the eye of every Freemason will repose with interest. For a parlor ornament it is very appropriate, while for a lodge, nothing is more so. The price is $2, except to clubs of five or more, to whom it will be put at $1.50 to each.</p>
<h2>10. -VIEW OF SOLOMON&#x27;S TEMPLE.</h2>
<p class=''>This work was engraved at Boston, Mass., upon two steel plates, from the celebrated design of Chancellor Schott, of Hamburg, at a cost exceeding two thousand dollars. Nothing but an examination will afford a sufficient idea of the fund of instruction embodied in this work. The border designs, of which there are eight; the drawings subsidiary, of which there are four, and the scriptural and historical passages thickly interspersed, make it a perfect cyclopedia of the subject. The size of the plate is 24 by 42 inches, and the price is, for plain prints, $2, and for colored, $3 each. Where clubs of five or more unite, the prices will be $1.50 for plain, and $2.50 for colored copies.</p>
<h2>11. -MASTER MASON&#x27;S DIPLOMA.</h2>
<p class=''>This is by far the most appropriate and elegant Diploma ever issued; it is universally admired, and graces many a brother&#x27;s parlor. In size it is 20 by 27 inches. It is printed in tint on heavy plate-paper, for framing. The design is that of the Form, Support, and Covering of the Lodge. The view from the south displays the Pillar of Beauty in majestic proportions ; those of Wisdom and Strength being in perspective. Jacob, peacefully slumbering on his mystic pillow, lies at the foot of the Celestial Ladder, along which angels pass and repass on errands of mercy. The heavenly bodies are in their appointed places. The surrounding objects are such as are appropriate to oriental climes. The whole constituting a splendid picture. At the foot of each pillar are seen the Jewels of the Master and</p>
<h2>MASONIC PUBLICATIONS.</h2>
<p class=''>&quot;Wardens respectively. Below it is appended the proper form of Diploma, having blanks for names, dates, etc., and for the lodge seal and photograph of the owner. Every Master Mason should have this Diploma. Price $2 per copy. The same design, on a scale of 13 by 18 inches, is furnished for SI. 50. Orders from Secretaries and Tylers filled at reduced rates</p>
<h2>THE PKEEMASOFS M0NIT0K,</h2>
<p class=''>By Thomas Smith &quot;Webb, with notes and running comment by Eob Morris. This edition of the old and standard author, whose production has so long maintained its place in public favor amid the competition of nearly a score of imitations, is rendered immensely more valuable by the learning and experience of the present Editor. Mr. Morris has brought all his knowledge of Masonic law and usage to bear in making this work an indispensable aid to Masters, Wardens, and Brethren throughout the great Fraternity. All these publications, whether carpets, plates, books, or diplomas, will be forwarded by express or otherwise, as ordered, to any part of the United States or Canada. The trade supplied on usual terms. Address,</p>
<h2>JOHN SHEEEE.</h2>
<p class=''>Cincinnati, Ohio.</p>
<p class=''>•W lO m ^1 :«fc ^ #fe ^ &#x27; * • - ° &quot; Au I</p>
<p class=''>&quot; * &#x27;&amp;*. ^ •»**•/* A. n N ft a&amp; ok -*P ^ ,5°* .i - &#x27;bi.* ;i£S »&quot;-. &#x27;-W (heckman</p>
<h2>BINDERY INC.</h2>
<h2>N. MANCHESTER,</h2>
</body></html>