<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>CHAPTER XV.</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head><body>
<h1>CHAPTER XV.</h1>
<p class='noindent'>This degree can not, legally, be conferred on any but Royal Arch Masons, who have taken all the preceding degrees and it is preparatory to that of the Select Master. Although it is short, yet it contains some valuable information, and is intimately connected with the degree of Select Master. It also enables us, with ease and facility, to examine the privileges of others to this degree while, at the same time, it proves ourselves. The following passages of Scripture, etc., are considered to be appropriate to this degree : And Solomon made all the vessels that pertained unto the house of the Lord the altar of gold, and the table of gold,. The Monitor containing nothing relative to the degrees of Royal and irt.</p>
<h2>ROYAL MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>whereupon the show-bread was and the candlesticks of pure gold five on the right side and five on the left, before the oracle with the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs of gold; and the bowls, and the snuffers, and the basins, and the spoons, and the censers, of pure gold and the hinges of gold, both for the doors of the inner house, the most holy place, and for the doors of the house, to wit, of the Temple. So Hiram made an end of doing all the&#x27; work, that he had made King Solomon, for the house of the Lord. 1 Kings vii &#x27;40,48-50. And behold I come quickly and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last. Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have a right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates of the city. Rev. xxii 12-14. : And he set the cherubims within the inner house and they ; stretched forth the wings of the cherubims, so that the wing of the one touched the one wall, and the wing of the other cherub touched the other wall and their wings touched one another in the midst of the house. Kings vi 27. : The Ark, called the glory of Israel, which was seated in the middle of the holy place, under the wings of the cherubim, was a small chest, or coffer, three feet nine inches long, two feet three inches wide, and three feet three inches high. It was made of wood, excepting only the mercy seat, but overlaid with gold both inside and out. It had a ledge of gold surrounding it at the top, into which the cover, called the Mercy Seat, was let in. The mercy seat was of solid gold, the thickness of a hand&#x27;s breadth at the two ends of it were two cherubims, looking inward, toward each other, with their wings expanded which embracing the whole circumference of the mercy seat, they met on each side, in the middle all ; of which, the Rabbins say, was made out of the same mass, without any soldering of parts. Here the Shekinah, or Divine Presence, rested, and was visible in the appearance of a cloud over it. From hence the Bathkoll issued, and gave answers when God was consulted. And hence it is, that God is said, in the Scripture, to dwell between the cherubim that is, between the cherubim on the mercy seat, because there was the seat or throne of the visible appearance of his glory among them.</p>
<h2>SELECT MASTER,</h2>
</body></html>