<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>CHAPTER XVIII. - OBSERVATIONS ON THE ORDERS OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR, AND KNIGHTS OF MALTA.</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head><body>
<h1>CHAPTER XVIII. - OBSERVATIONS ON THE ORDERS OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR, AND KNIGHTS OF MALTA.</h1>
<p class='noindent'>According to the Abbe de Vertot, the Order of Knights of Malta, who were originally called Hospitalers of St. John of Jerusalem, took its rise about the year 1099; from which time to the year 1118, their whole employment was works of charity, and taking care of the sick. Some time after the establishment of this Order„.riine gentlemen, of whose names two only remain on record, viz.: Hugho de Paganinis and Godfrey Adelman formed a society tp guard and protect the Christian pilgrims who traveled from abroad to visit the holy Sepulcher. These men were encouraged by the Abbot of Jerusalem, who assigned them and their companions a place of retreat in a Christian church, called the Church of the Holy Temple, from which they were called Templars, and not from the temple of Jerusalem, that having been destroyed by Titus Vespasian, 982 years before the society of Templars was instituted. The society increased rapidly, and was much respected ; but had neither habit, order, or mark of distinction, for the space of nine years, when Pope Honorius II, at the request of Stephen, Patriarch of Jerusalem, laid down a rule and manner of life for them; and ordained that they should be clothed in white ; to which garment Pope Eugenius III, added a red cross, to be worn on the breast, which they promised by a solemn oath to obseive forever. Incited by the example of the Knights Templar, about the year, 1118, the Hospitalers also took up the profession of arms, in addition to their original charitable profession ; occupying themselves at one time in attending upon the sick,</p>
<p class=''>and at others in acts of hostility against the Turks and Saracens. At this time they took the name of Knights Hospitalers. Both Orders flourished and increased daily but that of the Templars, though the younger of the two, having from its original establishment been wholly employed in the profession of arms, was by many esteemed -to be tne most honorable; and therefore many noblemen, princes, and persons of the highest distinction, who thought the service of tending the sick too servile an employment, entered themselves among the Knights Templar in preference to the other Order. Both Orders, for years, generally took the field together, and, as well by themselves as in conjunction with the troops of the Crusades, won many battles, and performed prodigies of valor. The emulation, however, which subsisted between them often occasioned warm disputes, which rose to such a hight as produced frequent skirmishes between detached parties of the two Orders. This occasioned the Pope and the respective Grand Masters to interfere, who in a great measure suppressed these quarrels ; but the Knights of the different Orders, ever afterward, continued to view each other with jealous eyes. Some time after these difficulties were thus partially suppressed, the Turks assembled a great force and drove the whole of the Christians out of Palestine. The last fortress they had possession of was that of St. John d&#x27;Acre. This was long and bravely defended by the Knights Templar against their besiegers. The Turks, however, at last forced three hundred Knights, being all that remained of the garrison, to take refuge in a strong tower, to which also the women fled for safety. The Turks hereupon set about undermining it,which they in a short time so effectually accomplished, that the Knights saw, in case they held out any longer, they must inevitably perish. They therefore capitulated, stipulating, among other things, that the honor of their women should not be violated. Upon this, the tower being opened, the Turks marched in but, in total breach of the terms of capitulation, they immediately began to offer violence to the women. The enraged Knights instantly drew their swords hewed in pieces all the Turks who had entered, shut the gates against those who remained without, and resigned themselves to inevitable death, which they soon met with, by the tower being undermined and thrown down upon their heads.</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.</h2>
<p class=''>After this defeat, the two Orders found an asylum in the island of Cyprus; from whence, after some time, the Knights Templar, finding their number so diminished as to leave no hopes of effecting anything toward the recovery of the holy land, without new Crusades (which the Christian princes did not seem inclined&quot; to set on foot), returned to their different commanders in the various parts of Christendom. From this time the Orders separated the Knights Hospitalers remained awhile at Cyprus, from whence they afterward went to Rhodes, and thence to Malta which name they then assumed. The Knights Templar dispersed themselves throughout all Europe, but still enjoyed princely revenues, and were extremely wealthy. Vertot says, that Pope Boniface VIII, having engaged in a warm dispute with Philip, king of France, the two Orders, as had too frequently happened before, took opposite sides. The Knights of Malta declared in favor of King Philip, while the Knights Templar espoused the cause of the Pope. This conduct, Philip, partly from a revengeful disposition, and partly from the hope of getting possession of the vast wealth of the Knights, never could forgive but formed, thenceforward, the design of suppressing the Order, whenever a proper opportunity should offer. This, however, did not occur, until after the decease of Pope Boniface. Immediately on the death of that pontiff, the Cardinals assembled to elect his successor but party disputes ran so high in the conclave, that there seemed no probability of again filling the papal chair very speedily. At length, through the intrigues and machinations of the friends of Philip, the Cardinals were all brought to consent to the election of any priest that he should recommend to them. This was the darling object the monarch had in view; this being accomplished, he immediately sent for the Archbishop of Bordeaux, whose ambition he knew had no bounds, and who would hesitate at nothing to gratify it; and communicated to him the power he had received of nominating a person to the papal chair, and promising he should be the person, on his engaging to perform six conditions. The Archbishop greedily snatched at the bait, and immediately took an oath on the sacrament to the faithful performance of the conditions. Philip then laid open to him five of the conditions, but reserved the sixth until after the Archbishop&#x27;s coronation as</p>
<p class=''>Pope which sooi took place in consequence of the recommendation of the king to the conclave and the new Pope took upon himself the name of Clement V. Vertot goes on to say, that a Templar and a citizen of Beziers, having been apprehended for some crime, and committed together to a dungeon, for want of a priest, confessed to each other that the citizen, having heard the Templar&#x27;s confession, in order to save his own life, accused the Order to King Philip charging them, on the authority of what his fellow-prisoner had told him, with idolatry, sodomy, robbery, and murder; adding that the Knights Templar being secretly Mohammedans, each Knight, on his admission in the Order, was obliged to renounce Jesus Christ, and to spit on the cross, in token of his abhorrence of it. Philip, on hearing these accusations, pardoned the citizen, and disclosed to the Pope his sixth condition, which was the suppression of the Order of Knights Templar. Not only every Knight Templar must know to a certainty the absolute falsehood of these charges, but every unprejudiced reader of Vertot&#x27;s history must also perceive that the whole of their accusation was the product of Philip&#x27;s own brain, in order to accomplish his long-wished for object of suppressing the Order, and getting possession of their vast riches in his dominions. It is, therefore, evident that the story of the Templar&#x27;s confession was all a forgery, and that the citizen was no other than a tool of Philip, who, to insure his own pardon, was prevailed on to make oath of such a confession having been made to him by the Templar. The historian proceeds to say, that in consequence of this accusation, the Knights Templar in France, and other parts of the Pope&#x27;s dominions, were imprisoned by his order, and put to the most exquisite tortures, to make them confess themselves guilty. They, however, bore these tortures with the most heroic fortitude, persisting to the last in asserting their own innocence, and that of their Order. In addition to these proceedings, Pope Clement, in the year 1312, issued his bull for the annihilation of the Order of Knights Templar, which he caused to be published throughout every country in Christendom. He, at the same time, gave their possessions to the Knights of Malta, which appropriation of the Templar&#x27;s estates was assented to by most of the sovereigns in Europe; and there is now extant among tho</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.</h2>
<p class=''>English statutes, an act of parliament, whereby, after setting forth that the Order of Templars has been suppressed, theii possessions in England are confirmed to the Knights of St. John. Vertot, however, further says, that in Germany, the historians of that nation relate, that Pope Clement having sent his bull for abolishing the Order, to the Archbishop of Metey, for him to enforce, that prelate summoned all his clergy together, that the publication might be made with greater solemnity; and that they were suddenly surprised by the entry of WallgrufTor, Count Sauvage, one of the principals of the Order, attended by twenty other Templars, armed, and in their regular habits. The Count declared he was not come to do violence to anybody, but having heard of the bull against his Order, came to insist that the appeal which they made from that decree to the next council, and the successor of Clement, should be received, read, and published. This he pressed so warmly, that the Archbishop, not thinking it proper to refuse men whom he saw armed, complied. He sent the appeal afterward to the Pope, who ordered him to have it examined in a council of his province. Accordingly, a synod was called, and after a lengthy trial, and various formalities which were theu observed, the Templars of that province were declared innocent of the crimes charged upon them. Although the Templars were thus declared innocent, it does not appear that either their possessions or their government, as a distinct order, was restored ; but that their estates in the German Empire were divided between the Knights of Malta and the Teutonic Knights; to the first of which Orders, many Knights Templar afterward joined themselves. This appears altogether probable from the following circumstances, viz.: It is unquestionable, that the habit of the Knights Templar was originally white; but we now observe they distinguish themselves by the same color as the Knights of Malta, viz. black; which change can not be accounted for in any other way than by a union with the Knights of that Order.</p>
<h2>MANUAL.</h2>
<p class=''>The throne is situated in the east above is suspended the arms of the&#x27;Grand Patron, between a banner of the emblems of the Order, and another of the arms of the Grand Master.</p>
<p class=''>On the right of the throne the Deputy Grand Master and Past Grand Master; or in Subordinate Encampments, the Past Grand Commander. On the left the Grand Prelate and Grand Chancellor. The Grand Treasurer on the right, and the Grand Register on the left in front. The Knights, who are entitled to seats above the standards, are so arranged as that there shall be an equal number on each side the throne. Over the stall of each is a banner of arms or emblems. Next on each side is a standard-bearer, with a banner of sky-blue silk, on which is a cross of Malta in silver, with the motto, The will of God. Next below the standards two experts, one bearing a spear and a shield, and the other a battle-ax. Next to them the sword-bearer and cross-bearer then the Knights not in office, concluding with the two Stewards, each with his staff. In the south-west the Senior Warden in the north-west the Junior Warden. In the west, between the Wardens, a stall for the Initiate, supported by the Master of Ceremonies and a herald.</p>
<h2>APRONS.</h2>
<p class=''>White, with a black .border : or black, with a white border. The flap, black, and a skull and cross bones embroidered in silver thereon.</p>
<h2>DRESS.</h2>
<p class=''>A full suit of black, with a rapier and military hat ; a broad black on the right shoulder; across the body to the left side, ornamented with a silver star opposite to the s left breast, having seve n points. The Grand Master or Commander, a star of nine points in ; the center of the star, a cross and serpent of gold, surrounded by a circle, on which is engraved, or enameled, In Hoc Signo Vinces. The following passages of Scripture are occasionally rehearsed in encampments of Knights Templar : &quot; Jamesj a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad, greeting. My</p>
<h2>KNTGHTS TEMPLAR,</h2>
<p class=''>Brethen, count it all joy when you fall into divers temptations knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. If any of you lick wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him. But iet him ask in faith, nothing wavering; for he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea, driven with the wind, and tossed. For let not that man think that he shall receive anything of the Lord. A double-minded man is unstable in all his ways. Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted. If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, that man&#x27;s religion is vain. Pure religion, and undefiled before God and the Father, is this To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.&quot;</p>
<h2>EXHORTATION.</h2>
<p class=''>1. Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted. 2. Come unto me, all ye that labor, and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. 3. Christ suffered for us, leaving us an example that we should follow his steps. 4. For we were as sheep going astray, but now are we returned to the shepherd and bishop of our souls. 5. If our brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food, and one of you say, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled, and ye give them not of those things which are needful for the body, what doth it profit? 6. To do good and to communicate forget not, for with such sacrifices God is well pleased. 7. May he who is able send you forth into the world thoroughly furnished for every good work, keep you from falling into vice and error, improve, strengthen, establish and perfect you. Then one of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, went unto the chief priests, and said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you ? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver. And from that time he sought opportunity to betray him. Now, the first day of the feast of</p>
<p class=''>unleavened bread, the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the passover? And he said, GrO into the city to such a man, and say unto him, The master saith, My time is at hand I will ; keep the passover at thy house with my disciples. And the disciples did as Jesus had appointed them. And they made ready the passover. Now when the even was come, he sat down with the twelve. And as they did eat, he said, Verily I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me. And they were exceeding sorrowful, and began every one of them to say unto him, Lord, is it I ? And he answered and said, He that dippeth his hand with me in the dish, the same shall betray me. The son of man goeth, as it is written of him; but woe unto that man by whom the son of man is betrayed It had been good for that man if he had not been born. Then Judas, which betrayed him, answered and said, Master, is it I? He said unto him, Thou hast said. Matt, xxvi 14-25. : Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Glethsemane, and saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder. And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy. Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death : tarry ye here, and watch with me. And he went a little further, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, my father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me ; nevertheless, not as I will, but as thou wilt. And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What could ye not watch with me one hour ? Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation : the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak. He went away again the second time, and prayed, saying, my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done. And he came and found them asleep again for their; eyes were heavy. And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words. Then cometh he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold the hour is at hand, and the son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners. Rise, let us be going : behold, he is at hand that doth betray me. And while he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, anol with him a great multitude, with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of the people. Now he that</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.</h2>
<p class=''>betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he : hold him fast. And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail Master; and kissed him. Matt. xxvi: 36-49. When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person see ye to it. ; Then answered all the people and said, His blood be upon us, and our children. Then released he Barabbas unto them and when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified. Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers. And they stripped him, and put on him a scarlet robe. And when they had platted a crown of thorns they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand ;and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, king of the Jews ! And they spit upon him, and took the reed and smote him on the head. And after that they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him. And as they came out they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name him they compelled to bear his cross. # And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, A place of a skull, they gave him vinegar to drink, mingled with gall and when he had tasted thereof he would not drink. And they crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and upon my vesture did they cast lots. And, sitting down, they watched him there; and set up over his head his accusation, written, THIS IS JESUS, THE KING OF THE JEWS.-Matt, xxvii: 24-38.</p>
<h2>KNTOHTS TEMPLAR* 189</h2>
<h2>OLD HUNDRED L.</h2>
<p class=''>PIANOFORTE P 1. The ris - ing God r r forsakes the tomb ! Up</p>
<h2>MELODEON.</h2>
<p class=''>-5 f=s -fih-cifei =# ifc: &quot;3-jr- i j jT--f f I i to his Fa - ther&#x27;s court he flies ; Cher • a bic le • gions guard him home, And shout him wel - come to the skies. 2. Break off your tears, ye saints, and tell How high our great deliv&#x27;rer reigns ; Sing how he spoil&#x27;d the hosts of hell, And led the monster, Death, in chains. 3. Say, &quot; live for ever glorious King, Born to redeem, and strong to save,&quot; Then ask &quot; Death where is thy sting V* &quot;And Where&#x27;s thy victory ?&quot; boasting grave.</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS TEMPLAR,</h2>
<p class=''>And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the number of the names together were about an hundred and twenty,) Men and brethren, this Scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David, spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus. For he was numbered with us, and had obtained part of this ministry. Now this man purchased a field with the reward of iniquity; and falling headlong he burst asunder in the midst, and all his bowels gushed out. And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem insomuch as that field is called, in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood. For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein and his bishopric let another take. Wherefore, of these men which have companied with us all the time, that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us, beginning from the baptism of John, unto that same day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection. And they appointed two, Joseph, called Barsabas, who was surnamed Justus, and Matthias. And they prayed, and said, Thou, Lord, which knowest the hearts of all men, show whether of these two thou hast chosen, that he may take part of this ministry and apostleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might go to his own place. And they gave forth their lots; and the lot fell upon Matthias; and he was numbered with the eleven apostles. Acts i: 15-26. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, against the rulers of the darkness of the world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore, take unto you the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. Stand, therefore, having your loins girt about with truth; And having on the breastplate of righteousness; And your feet shod with the preparation of the Gospel of peace ; Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith you shall be able to quench the fiery darts of the wicked ; And take the helmet of Salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS OF MALTA.</h2>
</body></html>