<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>CHAPTER XVI. - SELECT MASTER&#x27;S DEGREE.</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head><body>
<h1>CHAPTER XVI. - SELECT MASTER&#x27;S DEGREE.</h1>
<p class='noindent'>This degree is the summit and perfection of ancient Masonry and without which the history of the Royal Arch degree can not be complete. It rationally accounts for the concealment, and preservation of those essentials of the Craft r which were, brought to light at the erection of the second Temple, and which lay concealed from the Masonic eye four hundred and seventy years. Many particulars relative to those few who, for their superior skill, were selected to complete an important part of King Solomon&#x27;s Temple, are explained. And here, too, is exemplified an instance of justice and mercy, by our ancient patron, toward one of the Craft, who was led to disobey his commands, by an over zealous attachment for the institution. It ends with a description of a particular circumstance, which characterizes the degree. The following Psalm is read at opening: His foundation is in the holy mountains. The Lord loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob&#x27;. Glorious things are spoken of thee, city of God. Selah. I will make mention of Rahab and Babylon, to them that know me. Behold Philistia, and Tyre, with Ethiopia this ; man was born there. And of Zion it shall be said, This and that man was born in her and the Highest himself shall establish her. The Lord shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this man was born there. Selah. As well the singers, as the players on instruments, shall be there; all my springs are in thee. Psalm lxxxvii,</p>
<h2>SELECT MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>The following passages of Scripture are introduced and explained: So King Solomon was king over all Israel. Azariah, the son of Nathan, was over the officers; and Zabud, the son of Nathan, was principal officer, and the king&#x27;s friend; and Ahishar was over the household; and Adoniram, the son of Abda, was over the tribute. 1 Kings, iv 1, 5, 6. And the king commanded, and they brought great stones, costly stones, and hewed stones, to lay the foundation of the house. And Solomon&#x27;s builders and Hiram&#x27;s builders did hew them, and the stone-squarers so they prepared timber and stones to build the house. 1 Kings, v: 17, 18. And King Solomon sent and fetched Hiram out of Tyre. He was a widow&#x27;s son, of the tribe of Naphtali; and his father was a man of Tyre, a worker of brass; and he was filled with wisdom and understanding, and cunning, to work all works in brass.- 1 Kings, vii: 13, 14. The ancients of Grebal, and the wise men thereof, were in thee thy calkers; all the ships of the sea, with their mariners, were in thee, to occupy tby merchandise. Ezehiel, xxvii 9. : And it came to pass, when Moses had made an end of writing the words of this law in a book, until they were finished, that Moses commanded the Levites, which bore the ark of the covenant of the Lord, saying, Take this book of the law, and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of the Lord your God, that it may be there for a witness against thee. Deuteronomy, xxxi 24-26. And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the Lord, to be kept for your generations. As the Lord commanded Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the testimony to be kept. Exodus, xvi: 33, 34. And the Lord said unto Moses, Bring Aaron&#x27;s rod again before the testimony, to be kept for a token. Num., xvii: 10. And when Moses was gone into the tabernacle of the congregation, to speak with him, then he heard the voice of one speaking unto him from off the mercy seat, that was upon the ark of the testimony, from between the two cherubims: and he spake unto him. Numbers, vii 89. : And look that thou make them after their pattern, which was shown thee in the mount. Exodus, xxv: 40.</p>
<h2>CHARGE TO A SELECT MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>Companion: - &quot;Having attained to this degree, you have passed the circle of perfection in Ancient Masonry. In the capacity of Select Master, you must he sensible that your obligations are increased in proportion to your privileges.&#x27; Let it be your constant care to prove yourself worthy of the confidence reposed in you, and of the high honor conferred on you, in admitting you to this Select degree. Let uprightness and integrity attend your steps; let justice and mercy mark your conduct; let fervency and zeal stimulate you in the discharge of the various duties incumbent on you; but suffer not an idle or impertinent curiosity to lead you astray, or betray you into danger. Be deaf to every insinuation which would have a tendency to weaken your resolution, or tempt you to an act of disobedience. Be voluntarily dumb and blind, when the exercise of those faculties would &quot;endanger the peace of your mind or the probity of your conduct; and let silence and secrecy, those cardinal virtues of a Select Master, on all necessary occasions, be scrupulously observed. By a steady adherence to the important instructions contained in this degree, you will merit the approbation of the select nam*</p>
<h2>SELECT MASTER.</h2>
<p class=''>ber with whom you are associated, and will enjoy the high satisfaction of having acted well your part in the important enterprise in which you are engaged; and after having wrought your regular hows, may you be admitted to participate in all the privileges of a Select Master.&quot; 1 There is a ceremony of Constituting Councils of Royal and Select M&amp;sters and Installing officers, but as we can not use it without violating copyright we omit it.</p>
<p class=''>THE</p>
<h2>CHIVALRIC DEGREES:</h2>
<h2>CONSISTING OF</h2>
<h2>THE KNIGHTS OF THE RED CROSS,</h2>
<h2>KNIGHTS TEMPLAR, AND KNIGHTS OF MALTA,</h2>
<h2>THE FOURTH ORDER IN MASONRY.</h2>
<h2>KNIGHTS OF THE RED CROSS.</h2>
<h2>CHAPTEE XVII.</h2>
<h2>OBSERVATIONS ON THE ORDERS OF KNIGHTHOOD.</h2>
<p class=''>As several Orders of Knighthood are conferred, both in Europe and America, reputedly under the sanction of Masonic assemblies, it may be expected that some notice will be taken of them in this work. It may be necessary to premise that the Orders of Knighthood compose no part of the system of Freemasonry. They are, in comparison to it, societies of but yesterday, and all of them fall short of the excellence, the harmony, universality, and utility of the noble institution. The design of this part of the work will be to collect together such observations from Scripture and history as are deemed applicable to the several orders; and as in America, they are only conferred as honorary degrees, it is possible that this may be the means of producing a uniformity in their application and use.</p>
<h2>OP THE ORDER OF KNIGHTS OF THE RED CROSS.</h2>
<p class=''>The incidents upon which this Order is founded, occurred in the reign of Darius, king of Persia. It is more immediately connected with symbolic Masonry, than any other Order of Knighthood. Their meetings are called Councils; their sashes are decorated with a Sword and Trowel, and trimmed with red and green. The following passages of Scripture are considered by Knights of this Order as applicable to their institution, and are occasionally rehearsed in their Councils &quot; Now in the second year of their coming into the house of God at Jerusalem, in the second month, began Zerubbabel, the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and the remnant of their brethren, the priests and Levites,</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS OF THE RED CROSS.</h2>
<p class=''>and all they that were come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem and appointed the Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set forward the work of the house of the Lord. Then stood Jeshua, with his sons and his brethren, Kadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God the sons of He- ; nadad, with their sons and their brethren the Levites. And when the builders laid the foundation of the Temple of the Lord, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets, and the Levites, the sons of Asaph, with cymbals, to praise the Lord, after the ordinance of David, king of Israel. And they sang together by course, in praising and giving thanks unto the Lord; because he is good, for his mercy endureth forever toward Israel. And all the people shouted with a great shout when they praised the Lord, because the foundation of the house of the Lord was laid. Ezra iii 8-11. : &quot; Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captivity builded the Temple unto the Lord God of Israel, then they came to Zerubbabel, and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto them, Let us build with you for we seek your God as ye do and we do sacrifice unto him, since the days of Esar-Haddon, king of Assur, which brought &#x27;us up hither. But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God ; but we ourselves together will build unto the Lord God of Israel, as King Cyrus, the king of Persia, hath commanded us. Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah, and troubled them in building and hired counselors against them, to frustrate their purpose, all the days of Cyrus, king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius, king of Persia. And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem. And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and the rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes, king of Persia and the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue Rehum, the chancellor, and Shimshai, the scribe, wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes, the king, in this sort This is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him, even unto Artaxerxes, the king: Thy serv-</p>
<p class=''>&amp;a % the men on this side the river, and at such a time. Lf it known unto the king, that the Jews, which came up frir«nthee to us, are come unto Jerusalem, building the rebe-«ious and the bad city, and have set up the walls thereof, and joined the foundations. Be it known now unto the king, that if this city be builded, and the walls set up again, then will they not pay toll, tribute, and custom, and so thou shalt endamage the revenue of the kings. Now, because we have maintenance from the king&#x27;s palace, and it was not meet for us to see the king&#x27;s dishonor therefore have we sent and certified the king. That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers: so shalt thou find in the book of the records, and know, that this city is a rebellious city, and hurtful unto kings and provinces, and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time for ; which cause was this city destroyed. We certify the king, that if this city be builded again, and the walls thereof set up, by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the river. Then sent the king an answer unto Rehum, the chancellor, and to Shimshai, the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in Samaria, and unto the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time. The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me. And I commanded, and search hath been made, and it is found, that this city of old time hath made insurrection against kingF ; and that rebellion and sedition have been made therein. There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all countries beyond the river; and toll, tribute, and custom, was paid unto them. Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not builded, until another commandment shall be given from me. Take heed now that ye fail not to do this why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings ? Now, when the copy of King Artaxerxes&#x27; letter was read before Rehum, and Shimshai, the scribe, and their companions, they went up in haste to Jerusalem, unto the Jews, and made them cease by force and power. Then ceased the work of the house of God, which is at Jerusalem. So it ceased unto the second year of the reign of Darius, king of Persia.&quot; - Ezra iv. Josephus informs us that Darius, while he was yet a private man, made a vow to God, that if ever he came to the</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS OF THE RED CROSS.</h2>
<p class=''>throne, lie would send all the holy vessels that were at Babylon back again to Jerusalem and it happened about the time of his accession, that Zerubbabel, who was a captain or prince of the Jewish captives, came from Jerusalem, to Darius, as well to solicit his protection against their adversaries on the other side of the river, as to watch a suitable opportunity of endeavoring to persuade the king to fulfill his promise. He had long been known to Darius as a man of great judgment and understanding, and was therefore taken into the king&#x27;s confidence, and put into a particular trust, with two other great oflicers, as his constant attendants. Darius, in the first year of his reign, gave a splendid and magnificent entertainment to the princes and nobility, and after they had retired, finding himself unable to sleep, he fell into a discourse with his three favorite officers, to whom he proposed certain questions, telling them, at the same time, that he who should give him the most reasonable and satisfactory answer, should be clothed in purple, drink in a golden cup, wear a silken tiara, and a golden chain about his neck. He then proposed this question Which is greatest, the strength of wine, of the king, of women, or of truth? To this the first answered, wine is the strongest; the second, that the Icing was strongest; and the third (who was Zerubbabel) that women were stronger, but above all things truth beareth the victory. On the following day the king assembled together tho princes and nobility to hear the question debated and having placed himself upon the royal seat of judgment, he called upon them to make a public defense of their several opinions: whereupon the first began upon the strength of wine, as follows : &quot; ye princes and rulers, how exceeding strong is wine! it causeth all men to err that drink it: it maketh the mind of the king and the beggar to be all one; of the bondman and the freeman; of the poor man and of the rich; it turneth, also, every thought into jollity and mirth, so that a man remembereth neither sorrow nor debt; it changeth and elevateth the spirits, and enliveneth the heavy hearts of the miserable. It maketh a man forget his brethren, and draw his sword against his best friends. ye princes and rulers, is not wine the strongest, that forceth us to do these things ?&quot;</p>
<p class=''>Then began the second, upon the power of kings, and spoke as follows &quot; It is beyond dispute, : princes and rulers, that God has made man master of all things under the sun ; to command them, to make use of them, and apply them to his service as he pleases: but whereas men have only dominion over other sublunary creatures, kings have an authority even over men themselves, and a right of ruling them by will and pleasure. Now, he that is master of those who are masters of all things else, Hath no earthly thing above him.&quot; Then began Zerubbabel upon the power of women and of truth, and spoke as follows: &quot; O princes and rulers, the force of wine is not to be denied; neither is that of kings, that unites so many men in one common bond of allegiance; but the supereminency of women is yet above all this; for kings are but the gifts of women, and they are, also, the mothers of those that cultivate our vineyards. Women have the power to make us abandon our very country and relations, and many times to forget the best friends we have in the world, and forsaking all other comforts, to live and die with them. But when all is said, neither they, nor wine, nor kings, are comparable to the almighty force of truth. As for all other things, they are mortal and transient, but truth alone is unchangealbe and everlasting; the benefits we receive from it are subject to no variations Or vicissitudes of time and fortune. In her judgment is no unrighteousness, and she is the strength, wisdom, power, and majesty of all ages. Blessed be the God of truth. When Zerubbabel had finished speaking, the princes and rulers cried out &quot;Great is truth, and mighty above all things.&quot; Then, said the king to Zerubbabel, u Ask what thou wilt, and I will give it thee, because thou art found wisest among thy companions.&quot; Then said he to Darius, &quot;0 king, remember thy vow, which thou hast vowed, to build Jerusalem in the day when thou shouldest come to thy kingdom, and to restore the holy vessels which were taken away out of Jerusalem. Thou hast also vowed to build up the temple, which was burned when Judah was made desolate by the Chaldees. And now, O king, this is that I desire of thee, that thou make good the vow, the performance whereof with thine own mouth thou last vowed to the king of Heaven.</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS OF THE RED CROSS.</h2>
<p class=''>Then Darius, the king, stood up and embraced him, and gave him passports and letters to his governors and officers; that they should safely convey both him and those who should go with him to Jerusalem; and that they should not be delayed or hindered from building the city and the temple, until they should be finished. He also restored all the holy vessels remaining in his possession, that had been taken from Jerusalem, when the children of Israel were carried away captive to Babylon, Snd reserved by Cyrus. &quot; But it came to pass, that when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and the Arabians, and the Ammonites, and the Ashdodites, heard that the walls of Jerusalem were made up, and that the breaches began to be stopped, then they were very wroth, and conspired all of them together to come and to fight against Jerusalem, and to hinder it. Nevertheless we made our prayer unto our God, and set a watch against them day and niglit because of them. And Judah said, The strength of the bearers of burdens is decayed, and there is much rubbish; so that we are not able to build the wall. And our adversaries said, They shall not know, neither see, till we come in the midst among them, and slay them, and cause the work to cease. And it came to pass, that when the Jews which dwelt by thern came, they said unto us ten times, From all places whence ye shall return unto us they will be upon you. &quot; Therefore set I in the lower places behind the wall, and on the higher places, I even set the people after their families, with their swords, their spears, and their bows. And I looked, and rose up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them, remember the Lord, which is great and terrible, and fight for your brethren, your sons, and your daughters, your wives, and your houses. And it came to pass, when our enemies heard that it was known unto us, and God had brought their counsel to naught, that we returned all of us to the wall, every one unto his work. And it came to pass from that time forth, that the half of my servants wrought in the work, and the other half of them held both the spears, the shields, and the bows, and the habergeons; and the rulers were behind all the house of Judah. They which builded on the wall, and they that bare burdens, with those that laded, every one with one of his hands wrought in the work, and with the other hand held a weapon. For the builders, every one had his sword girded by</p>
<p class=''>his side, and so builded. And he that sounded the trumpet was by me. &quot; And I said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, The work is great and large, and we are separated upon the wall, one far from another. In what place therefore ye hear the sound of the trumpet, resort ye thither unto us: our God shall fight for us.&quot; &quot; Then the prophets, Haggai the prophet and Zeehariah the son of Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem, in the name of the God of Israel, even unto them. Then rose up Zerubbabel, the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and began to build the house of God which is at Jerusalem: and with them were the prophets of God helping them. At the same time came to them Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shethar-boznai, and their companions, and said thus unto them : Who hath commanded you to* build this house, and to make up this wall ? Then said we unto them, after this manner: What are the names of the men that make this building? But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews, that they could not cause them to cease, till the matter came to Darius; and then they returned answer by letter concerning this matter. The copy of the letter that Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shethar-boznai, and his companions, the Apharsachites, which were on this side the river, sent unto Darius the king: They r sent a letter unto him, wherein was written: Unto Darius, the king, all peace. Be it known unto the king, that we went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great God, which is builded with great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goeth fast on, and prospereth in their hands. Then asked we those elders, and said unto them thus: Who commanded you to build this house, and to make up these walls? We asked their names also, to certify thee, that we might write the names of the men that were the chief of them. And thus they returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up. But after that our fathers had provoked the God of heaven unto wrath, he gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed this house, and carried the people away into Babylon. But in the first year of Cyrus the</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS OF THE RED CROSS. a</h2>
<p class=''>king of Babylon, the same king Cyrus made a decree to b«:. ;i d this house of God. And the vessels also of gold and silver of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took out of the temple that was in Jerusalem, and brought them intc the temple of Babylon, those did Cyrus the king take out of the temple at Babylon, and they were delivered unto one &quot;-vhose name was Sheshbazzar, whom he made governor; and said unto him, Take these vessels, go, carry them into the temple that is in Jerusalem, and let the house of God be builded in his place. Then came the same Sheshbazzar, and laid the foundation of the house of God which is in Jerusalem; and since thai time even until now hath it been in building, and yet it is not finished. Now, therefore, if it seem good to the king, let there be search made in the king&#x27;s treasure-house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so, that a decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let che king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter.&quot; Ezra y. &quot;Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon. And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace that is in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein was a record thus written : In the first year of Cyrus the king, the same Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God at Jerusalem, Let the house be builded, the place where they offered sacrifice, and let the foundations thereof be strongly laid the hight thereof threescore cubits; and the breadth thereof threescore cubits with three rows of great stones, and a row of new timber : and let the expenses be given out of the king&#x27;s house. And also let the golden and silver vessels of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which is at Jerusalem and brought unto Babylon, be restored, and brought again unto the temple which is at Jerusalem, every one to his place and place them in the house of God. Now, therefore, Tatnai, governor beyond the river, Shethar-boznai, and your companions the Apharsachites, which are beyond the river, be ye far from thence ; let the work of this house of God alone, let the governor of the Jews, and the elders of the Jews, build this house of God in his place. Moreover, I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews, for the building of this house of God; that of the king&#x27;s goods, even of the</p>
<p class=''>tribute beyond tbe expenses be given unto river, forthwith these men that they be not hindered. And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt-offerings of the God of heaven wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which are at Jerusalem, let it be given them day by day without fail that they may offer sacrifices of sweet savors unto the God of heaven, and pray for the life of the king and of his sons. Also I have made a decree, that whosoever shall alter this word, let the timber be pulled down from his house, and, being set up, let him be hanged thereon and let his house be made a dunghill for this. And the God that hath caused his name to dwell there, destroy all kings and people that shall put to their hand to alter and to destroy this house of God which is at Jerusalem. I Darius have made a decree; let it be done with speed. Then Tatnai, governor on this side the river, Shethar-boznai, and their companions, according to that which Darius the king had sent, so they did speedily. And the -elders of the Jews builded, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo and they builded, and finished it, according to the commandment of the God of Israel, and according to the commandment of Cyrus, and Darius, and Artaxerxes, king of Persia. And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar, which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king/&#x27; and in the year of the world 3489. Ezra vi.</p>
<h2>KNIGHTS TEMPLAR</h2>
</body></html>